I have a side hustle and recorded classes allows me to schedule study on times I want during the day.
Because the student will have enough time to focus on what's the prof saying and therefore ask meaningful questions ,  live classes are similar to a classroom where we often think we understood all of the concepts but when we revise them,  we find that we lack a lot of deep understanding
We get to ask questions and we get to know if we understood or not
It makes interactions between the professors and students possible, it almost feels like you're in a class.
i can re check the lecture whenever i want and multiple times if needed 
Because I manage my time
Because I can organise my schedule and go back to any class if needed 
Given the fact that not everyone has the opportunity to join live classes, recorded lectures guarantee that all the students will have the opportunity to benefit from the teacher's lesson. Moreover, we have the chance to post doubts if any
It is easier for us to make questions and interact with the teacher, it creates a much more dinamic atmosphere than other methods.
Because of the interaction which helps for a better understanding 
because we can ask questions and be actually present in the situation, making it easier to pay attention and lear
I like live classes because you can ask questions in the moment and debate with your teacher and classmates. Also you can benefit from questions and comments others make. 
I find it's extremely different to study with a teacher's commentary and support, than without it. Lectures are non-negotiable and I'm glad we can continue the teacher-student engagement live. Studying by yourself and teaching yourself alone is way different, and it doesn't get the same results.
Sometimes when Internet is not working correctly, I miss something someone is saying in a live class. (My teachers don’t record their live classes 
Because you can organize yourself as you like and watch it at any time in the day 
Being able to interact with professors makes all the difference for me. 
It´s as close to being in class as possible.
We can connect with the teacher, ask if we have any doubts and it feels more like a classroom 
because is the most similar to the classes in person
I can interact with my teachers
Because it is what I consider to be the most similar to a in-person class, which is what works best for me as I can consult the teacher as I go and it allows spontaneous debate situations to arise.
Because in live classes I'm able to understand quickly and ask whatever a don't understand in that moment, so doubts are solved much more quickly
Because you can go back to the lectures whenever you need to
Because I can interact with my professors and it also gives a “schedule”, or a specific time to do uni work an focus on that.
Because yo get to be an active member of the class. You can ask things and get answers back at the moment and I think it’s a more interactive way
Because it is the most similar to a “normal” class and you can clear your doubts and get feedback from the teacher
Because sometimes my internet connection does not work properly
With uploaded material we are able to have a depeer understanding of it and if we have any dificulty we can check the lectures or ask the lecturer. It also requires an active mode of learning.
Because it allows to maintain a high quality content while learning times are managed by the students
I can do everything at my own pace and I can arrange my day as I find more convenient. We also have live tutoring through google meet and it’s very helpful. 
It allows you to communicated with people on a more personal level. Makes getting invested in classes easier. 
Because is the one that most resembles what a real class is like
It is the closest to the direct classroom experience and it\'s easier for the instructor not to forget they are talking to a specific group of students and not some "abstract" audience.
Because there's a difference between reading a text alone and understanding the text by yourself then asking questions on a forum that don't work well and where your questions don't get an extended and explained answer than having to read the text and then proceeding to have your teacher answering questions at the same time you are asking them. I don't even know my professor's faces, there's like 6 professors and I barely know their names, is kinda dehumanizing because I'm not even talking with a person, I'm just reading a premade power point without any other explanation 
Because it allows interaction between the instructor and the students, which I believe to be fundamental
Because there is pressure to do work. I always forget to contribute to discussion boards 
I can take my time and make sure I’ve understood the content by pausing etc
Quality discussion
I found learning in some form of face to face contact/live conversations/building off each other’s ideas more engaging 
 I prefer it because it is more active and I can engage in the class, while it can be a little annoying and I can get distracted I like the option of being able to feel like I’m actually doing the class in real time, and I still have the option to watch the recorded class after it’s been held.
I am able to choose when I complete the activities 
Having the flexibility to complete the class whenever you want
The ability to ask questions live is more appropriate to my style of learning, it is more engaging 
Probably the closest thing you can get to face to face teaching. 
It’s easier to ask questions and harder to get distracted
Ask clarifying questions
Interactive, actually allows me to talk to my professors and ask questions I have in real time. 
My course has a combination of Pre-recorded Lectures and Live Tutorials via Zoom. I do prefer Live classes because it allows me to interact with my classmates and tutors (breakout rooms, sharing whiteboard/screen, etc.)
Contact with teacher
because it is interactive 
Zooms are very disengaging, I would rather just learn the content 
I find zoom classes boring so watch them on double speed for time efficiency 
Zoom classes honestly give me so much anxiety
Interaction 
Because you can ask questions and get a response immediately 
Because it forces me to log on at a certain time and actually take the class then rather than leaving all my lectures till the last week.
Because you get to hear and see your lecturer in person 
It’s more personal and conversational
Endgame to with your tutors and peers 
It is the closest way to replicate on-campus learning. 
Because you still get the interaction of face to face, makes the learning more human 
Interactive 
Allows students to do personal study on the content beforehand, gain some background knowledge, then apply this knowledge to complex questions during a discussion. Allows for faster and more in depth learning than just rote memorisation.
More interactive and easier to engage with content
Because I can access the class in my own time, at my own pace.
Because the students are able to interact with the teachers (to some extent) far more so than passively learning from lecturers 
Easier to go at own speed\n
Get to interact with people 
Gives us a chance to interact with our tutors and peers better than online recordings.
Live classes aren’t conducted well
Because it provides motivation. That is, recorded lectures and emailed work loads require you to exercise greater amounts of diligence. Also, online classes are the closest things to normal classes and thus provide a sense of normalcy. They also allow you to listen to real time discussions.
I can pause at any time necessary (recorded lectures) but I have the advantage of “Live Question Time” in which questions about the lecture (which I have now thoroughly watched) can be asked. Essentially I have “the best of both worlds”. 
I can learn at my own pace 
With zoom, there is no obligation to contribute as you can just have both your microphone and video turned off, whilst with posts there is usually a deadline which means people have to respond in order to get a mark, so this means there is much more of a discussion going on through typing and not speaking
Recorded live classes or audio recordings on lecture slides as you can go back and listen if your struggling to focus
Face to fave
Can watch anytime you want, great to have flexibility. 
It was a virtual classroom that allowed me to interact with everyone. I could see everyone and talk to everyone. It was also very engaging - I think I would have fallen asleep if I just had to watch recordings! 
interaction and feedback, feeling connected
Easier to engage in the learning material and allow discussion of topics 
I prefer being able to rewind/rewatch the lessons at a later time if I didn’t comprehend them well enough the first time.
less awkward than quiet zoom tutorials but same information
Can engage with the other students
I can work at my own pace 
More interactive, can ask questions (used for tutorials, workshops etc )
Because it allows for discussion and interaction. Bouncing off my tutor and other students challenges my assumptions and helps me to see angles I might not have otherwise considered. It also reduces feelings of isolation, and reminds me I’m part of a cohort.
The virtual face to face interaction
Direct information with minimised interference and rarely any technological difficulties 
The interaction is a big part of my learning and I find I am much more likely to ask questions in person. I am also less likely to fall behind as there is the motivation to know what I’m saying in class. 
It seems the most real compared to normal in class learning, I still really dislike it though
Being interactive while learning is very beneficial for me. I like to ask questions too
it allows interaction
More engaging
Closet thing to in-class learning 
I find zoom meetings really hard to have good discussions in. A lot of the non-verbal cues of conversation are not in zoom and its an extra level of uncertainty that is stressful. 
Slightly more accountability, and the face to face interaction helps me focus. 
Interactive 
Gives me more flexibility as an essential worker to do my uni work and not feel like I’m missing out because I’m having to work more 
More engagement 
Face to face
I find I'm more engaged and it's nice to be able to ask questions and get responses. The visual also really helps, it's just nice to see everyone again
better communication , able to ask questions
I find that I am more engaged in live classes compared to pre-recorded lectures. I like that I have the freedom of asking questions in live classes, and enjoy engaging with other people in my degree "face to face".
It’s the closest to what it’s like actually attending tutorials in uni.
can do in my own time and email for help if needed
More personal and most similar to the real thing
Live classes are the most replicable to face to face classes which is my preferred it allows discussion
Love tutorials provide the opportunity for interaction and engagement which isn’t gained through recorded material. It allows not only for my understanding of content and concepts to be developed and enhanced through organic conversation/activities, but also aids in the actual application of content across more diverse contexts. In contrast, I find it harder to engage and learn in the units of mine which solely provide recorded tutes/lectures and texts.
interactive
More interaction  and active collaboration. I did I can remember things better 
I can go at my own pace
Because I can interact with the class and I feel more like I’m at uni when I can see other students in the boxes. 
It is more interactive
Quick communication, also still can hear someone’s tone, read body language 
Closest thing to actual real life class.
Actually getting to see other people
I like interacting with other people
It is more interactive so I am more engaged and concentrated. Pre recorded lectures are less engaging and don’t help to teach me concepts. 
I am able to actively engage with the content. 
Can ask questions live and see humans which is kinda nice too
The interactive nature allows the facilitation of questioning and dialogue with other members of the class which assists active learning 
It’s engaging and I can ask questions on the spot if I have any :) 
The ability to ask questions about the content or get things clarified almost immediately.
Interact with other students, being able to ask questions
Because some of the content is really challenging so I can pause it and take my time watching and learning rather than having to rewatch. 
They’re easy to flick through and learn at your own pace in your own time, also far less awkward than Zoom classes that no one wants to talk in. 
I prefer interacting with my peers/tutors as I think I learn/understand things better in discussion based settings 
Still getting human interaction, able to ask questions at the time and have them answered
Forces me to focus more and do prerequisite preparation.
Able to pause & take my time to think about concepts.
There is an increased chance of engaging with lecturers and getting an immediate response (as opposed to email). The live classes also serve as motivation to attend the class in real time.
I like having the ability to go back and rework through content if I don't understand it in the first place
I can work at my own pace and in my own time
Interactive learning 
I can go at my own pace 
There is more interaction with class members which leads to greater insight and understanding of the course material
Easier for my schedule as I work full time
More engagement with peers and tutor which helps consolidate learning, compared to simply watching recorded lectures mindlessly and not actively learning. 
I get to engage with other people and be held accountable for my learning
Allows for more active learning and interaction
Allows me to work in my own time, effectively communicates large amounts of content 
Being able to interact with teachers in the moment. Sending emails can become tedious and response time is long. 
Can learn at my own pace given that I find it hard to stick to a routine and get distracted by other things very easily. Zoom class and discussion boards really just allow for application or clarification of that knowledge learnt. 
I’m still an essential worker so it allows me to juggle my schedule 
Getting real time feedback, holds me accountable to attend and participate 
The ability for interaction
It puts less pressure on the student and allows them to complete their work at their own pace as they may not be as productive in isolation as they are normally 
It’s more engaging and stops me from getting distracted 
Not live, do not have to film yourself 
It’s concise and clear - zoom is fun but can be scary and time can be wasted 
I am able to work at a faster pace than I would in real time classes and be more efficient with my time
More likely to engage with content, and Profs could use more engaging Q&A format. Only have 3 hours a week on zoom but more would be helpful
Can watch them whenever and understand the content at your own pace 
You can work by your own timetable 
I can pause and replay when I need clarification.
allows for flexibility, plus downloading a pdf is easier on the internet than zoom, which i often find to be patchy or unstable due to internet use 
In zoom meetings not many people talk. I am a first year and we only got 1 day of face to face before online, so everyone is a bit anxious to collaborate I think. So I generally learn more from recorded lectures. 
Less isolating, able to have discussion and get live feedback and ask questions - feels more like a typical tutorial at University 
It is very similar to being in a lecture theatre, the zoom tutorials are clunky and hard to get participation from students
Easier to focus 
I like to have 2 hours of just explaining all the content and having the ability to change the speed, pause or go back and basically learn at my own pace. 
Get to see someone in person. And their voice is usually way more interesting 
More interactive, able to ask questions and receive feedback in real -time 
It’s the most true to in person learning
It most closely resembles a real class that I am used to attending, and holds me accountable at a time when it is very easy to slip into procrastination.
Live classes can be hard to focus on. And for me, discussion can feel inauthentic and unhelpful when not face to face. 
Easy to ask questions and you feel more connected 
Makes it easier for me to block out my time and keeps it flexible 
Pre recorded lectures allow more flexibility and are less exhausting than live classes, but are more in depth than uploaded material or forums
Recorded lectures allow me to study the content my own time and at my own pace. However, if I don’t complete the lectures in a certain time frame then I will more work to do.
More interaction with the teacher and classmate, helps give more structure to my days
Live chats are much easier to foster and create discussion than something like zoom. We have recorded lectures as well, but when my lecturer doesn’t write anything on the slides it takes me 3 times as long to watch it and take notes
We're able to engage with the instructor much more, by asking questions, rather than just listening to a recording. 
Social interaction and more engaging 
Because there is more engagement with course content, and you are able to go into breakout rooms to collaborate and discuss
More discussion, opportunity to ask questions, collaboration with peers 
I can interact with other students, have discussions which help me understand the topics, and ask my totor questions directly
Allows me to choose when I watch the videos and if I'm busy on a certain day I don't have to worry about missing a lecture 
I prefer discussion chats as you can take the time to formulate an answer and the ideas between people seem to flow better. This is opposed to trying to mimic in person organic discussion via zoom, which I have found to be clunky and unsuccessful. 
It’s more hands on, and I can connect with other people rather than just watching videos
Because I learn best when in an interactive environment and I’m able to talk to people/ask questions. I find I have less motivation to watch recordings compared to turning up to a class.
More interactive 
It's the easiest way to get information and is usually the most straightforward form pf the information provided.
As it is the most personal one, although it obviously does not compare to in person 
Flexibility 
More interactive 
Because it feels like I’m still in routine 
Ability to ask questions and interact with other students
With the few online classes I have I have attended almost every lecture. And although the idea of recorded sounds so much more appealing to me, the reality is I just never watch them and therefore my marks have been badly affected in those courses. 
Forces me to actually listen 
Keeps me accountable and is more interactive and engaging
Greater engagement 
It is interactive and enables a bit more of a q and a style. You are also able to talk to other students and see them vs recorded lectures which I also harder to be motivated to watch
I’ve found that with online classes there is a lack of participation because not everyone feels comfortable to voice their opinion, keeping their camera and noise off. With recorded lectures I feel I’m getting the most out of learning, because online classes lack communication. 
Easiest method and don’t have to join live classes
Can ask question
It provides a better medium to ask questions as and when they arise and get instant feedback.
More interaction within my courses makes me much more motivated to complete the work! 
I like learning by discusson
Because alot of course conveners had to transition quickly to online learning, the zoom discussions are clunky and technology hasn't been working that well. I can complete online recorded lectures at my own pace, stopping to take notes and rewind. There's less pressure to understand something straight away you can digest the information before moving on. 
easier to go at my own pace
I get all the necessary information delivered to me in one format and I can pause and go back if I missed something.
More engagement required 
It makes me feel like part of the community again.  It can be isolating just watching lectures. :(
I find it most engaging and enjoyable.
It’s the most engaging. I am questioned on my ability/knowledge which I always find the most helpful to know my own understanding of concepts.
Able to stop and do when time permits 
If feel having discussions with other students and tutors I am able to interact with the content in a much more extensive sometimes even more personal way. I find myself being actually able to form an opinion by seeing how ithers have interprested texts and ideas, some disagreeing with the lecturer or author. 
So that I can keep to my regular schedule, instead of having to motivate myself to watch the pre recorded lectures whenever. 
Flexibility of schedule, the ability to pause and reflect when I need to, and take the time to fully absorb the information. I am an independent learner and I benefit from reading and listening to information. If I have any further questions, I can follow up on the discussion board or via email
I can see other students responses that are more curated than just on a zoom meeting or something
Do classes when and in the order I want 
Easier to follow along at any point in the day/night 
live classes encourage me to focus and having a schedule maintains a bit more normality
Recorded lectures give me time to pause, take notes and understand the content at my own pace. You can email questions to your lecturer once you’ve watched it too! 
Can ask questions!
I’m able to work through the material at my own pace, knowing that teachers are there to help is needed but mostly trust us to try & get through it on our own first
I like being present when others ask questions during the class that I may not be thinking about myself, but when they ask the question I find it really helpful. This can't happen with recorded lectures and online posted materials. 
In a live class you can talk and collaborate with peers and your teacher while you are doing the work. Also makes it a lot less boring. And it’s nice to be able to talk to people when you’re just sitting home alone. 
More interactive 
Because my university is had alwayd only offered online courses, and this is the only mode I've used.
 More like normal 
It’s not a waste of time. A lot of my live classes were useless.
Because it is better than doing all by myself. 
Gives a sense of normalcy and is also more personal
You can easily ask questions if something is unclear and it's the closest thing to actual classes.
because students can still interact and ask questions, and it feels more real when I know we listen to the same thing at the same time
Because you can rewatch the videos 
Discussions about topics and time to ask our professors questions  to me are crucial to understanding and retaining information.
being able to digest the material presented at my own pace
It's easier to get an answer, more interesting
The professor can provide compact information and still explain everything in detail, however I know that this doesn’t really enhance active learning
More time to look through the information, more systemized
More interaction
Because I can rewatch it as often as I want if I don't understand a certain part
I‘m not studying alone 
You can learn more from recorded videos than by simply uploaded PowerPoint presentations. 
I'm able to work through the material in my own time any put the focus where I need it to be 
Because I don’t always have the opportunity to watch live classes
you get to know your professors and can actually see them; its nice to get some structure for your day when meetings are scheduled + you cant postpone them
Because the professor is explaining it but I can access it at any time
Direct interaction with prof and colleagues 
More flexible, prefer uploaded materials in addition to occasional online courses/lectures, good mix of interaction but being flexible enough in planning the workload throughout the week 
I can work wheni want, where I want and how fast or slow I want! 
It motives me the most to participate and makes engagement with the other students possible. It is also much quicker to get feedback.
You can repeat the parts of the lecture again if you didn‘t understand it completely and as well take some breaks if you want to. But most importantly the Professor will maybe give you some badly needed information or explanation, that you won‘t get that easily otherwise
I like being able to do things at my own pace
More interaction 
More engagement and having to commit 
It's easier to take notes during recorded lectures and rewatch them
In person classes
You can ask questions and get answers straight away 
Allows interaction 
Zoom is good
I learn faster on my own. Classes via zoom take too much of my time
Because I receive lecture materials. I make some preparation(read materials, research some moment in details). Then I watch the lecture where teacher may focus my attention at some key moments and also it’s way of learning information for long term.
I can schedule my day better. I can choose when I will watch my lectures. I’m not bound by time.
Because it allows me more to go at my own pace and gives me more freedom when it comes to organizing my days
You can do everything at your own space without worrying about being able to find a spot in time before class starts where you can follow it in peace and quiet.
You are really in contact with teacher and you can ask question more easily than with recorded lectures 
Interaction
This is our only method 🤷\u200d♀️
Because  I can control the moment to watch it and I can stop it whenever I want to check an info or for my personal notes 
I like doing it at my own pace and I struggle to focus for 2h during online classes 
The social aspect and interaction
You can watch thema again
Because it makes you obliged to follow a schedule and therefore creates a sense of structure in these days that all feel the same. 
Because i can watch it whenever i want and can pause it as much as i want. I also kan take better notes.
Makes you feel part of the class again, is more open for questions
Can be followed at my own pace, and is less stressful then online live class bc I don’t have a great environment to be focus all the time 
You can pause the recording and watch it as many times as you want.
I can skip or fast forward through parts that are too slow and I can pause the recording if I feel like I didn't fully understand something to try to understand it better.\nI can also start and stop the class whenever I like.
I can accelerate or pass the part that I'm not interested in or go back if I need to listen again to someting more complicated. 
Because we can ask questions and if it is recorded I do not feel obligated to watch the lecture. However if it is live, it forces me to attend.
Because you can work on your own tempo and pauze when needed
It still holds you accountable, you are forced to pay attention
There are more possibilites for interaction
Recorded lectures allow me a lot of flexibility, I can listen to them whenever and I can also go back and listen again if I need to
you can follow the lecture at your own pace and pause or speed it up 
More interaction with my profs, “face to face” answers are always more clear than when you have to type it out, ...
With live classes I would have more structure to my. days, now there are a lot of difficulties with classes not being online yet- so it is a bit hard. Also I feel like it would be easier to pose questions that way and also with the classes being recorded online- it takes me so much more time than a normal class would to get through. When I can write down every word the professor says, I want to do it. So a video of 2 hours easily takes me about 5 hours to watch, because I want to write everything down (because I can)
You can interact with your teatchers and dont have to send in your questions with the fear they might not get answerd 
I feel like when you interact more with the professor and your classmates that you learn more from the class.
I learn the best from someone explaining the material. Live classes can also be useful, but our professors prefer recording their lectures and I'm kind of used to it by now.
There is more room for interaction. In our prerecorded courses it’s often just a powerpoint with audio and it’s easier to concentrate if you actually see your professor and/or classmates. I think it’s easier to ask questions in a live lesson and that you’re more involved. 
You can find your own rithm
I can pause it and look into my textbook
View on preferred time, ability to stop and go back when something is unclear
When it's live, it forces me to be up and focused at a certain time: it provides structure
I can pause and rewind. I get all the information a professor would give in class.
The interaction 
There is an interaction between students and professor
Able to look back at the material in case you couldn't attend the lecture and better than a recording where you have to listen to 1hour lecture for that last 5min of information you were looking for 
Before the coronavirus my lectures also consisted of mainly passive listening & writing notes since we are 700... I don’t like the live classes because then I’m obligated to watch the class on a certain hour. 
You can follow the lesson on your own speed.
This would be my preferred mode of online teaching because it simulates the real teaching situation the best. You still are tied to a schedule and you can't replay parts of the lecture you missed because you weren't paying attention. I think this is a good thing, because with the recorded lectures I tend to replay every bit I missed, so the lectures take way more time and 'brain power'. Also with the recorded lectures it's harder to have a schedule, because the teachers do not upload consistently.
As someone with social anxiety, recorded lectures I can get done on my own pace sounds a lot more appealing than having to be in a live call with a professor and other students.
It makes sure I don’t lag behind and it gives the opportunity to ask questions directly and get immediate feedback
When classes are live, it's easier to mange your time and you have more a feeling of engagment. My live classes start normaly at 8:30 so I have to wake up at time. When they are recorded I tend to sleep in and lose a lot of time. 
There is more interaction 
You can pause the video whenever you need. It allows you to take the time you need to process the content rather than moving on with something you don't understand. You can adjust it to your own tempo and plan it in whenever you want. 
The fact that the timing is completely in my own control, makes watching them a very intentional decision. Because of that I pay much more attention. Furthermore I can pause and replay them as much as I want which makes sure I don’t miss out on any important information. 
In this way, although the lecture might go faster than in other ways, there is room for discussion and questions can be asked, so that students can get direct feedback whilst learning their content
You can engage with the professor 
It allows to ask questions in the lesson itself, more interactive 
More interaction, possibility to ask questions 
Allows to have your own schedule specifically if you have other responsibilities 
Forces you to participate at the "right" time.
I can pause the lecture to take notes.
I can watch it when I want and not at a set time. 
Interaction
You get to interact and ask questions
Because it motivates me to pay attention and it's nice to know that everyone is watching at the same time.
It’s way more interactive, you can ask questions etc 
It is nicer to work with a video than just written notes, also the fact that it’s pre-recorded allows us to go back and listen again to points we did not get
More interaction with the professor and other students
I can pause it when it's going too fast
It is the easiest to follow alone with and you can always press pause. And your notes are very detailed.
This way I can learn at my own pace.
I prefer more interaction with the instructor. (eg by asking questions during the lecture) 
Because in pre recorded videos professors tend to  rush through the video really quickly (and therefore have one explanation, if you do not understand it, that is really sucks) or professors take more time than the original lecture time. I have experienced both. Plus we were given extra assignments for every course so it was intense to say the least. In one class the professor recorded the grammar and gave us exercises and we discuss the exercises live and she explains everything in depth that is unclear
You lose less time, once a lecture is given, it’a done  + structure
Becaus I cannot postpone the lesson. With recorded lectures I have a tendency to procrastinate and not listen to it.
you can pause it or watch it whenever fits you best
To me it's the closest it can get to a normal lecture (not online) because you still have a set time to follow the live lecture
When it’s live I actually attend, when it’s a recorded lecture I procrastinate watching 
Because live classes force me to stay on top of my work and keeps me motivated while also giving me a routine and a Schedule we have to follow.
You can pause the video if they are talking to fast. We also have a discussion forum if we have questions
You can plan by yourself what to do when and you can adapt the speed the way you want it.
I can do it whenever I want
You get to keep your day to day structure when you have to attend a lecture on time
i prefer live classes because they resemble the normal classes (that we had before lockdown) the most.
It is more dynamic and it feels like I am in the classroom.
It allows me to watch the materials on my own tempo, I can pause if I'm distracted and watch it later with full attention. It also allows me to plan my day of work on my own terms.
You can rewatch them and pause them so my notes are way better now
It's more interactive and you tend to be less distracted when you have to actively listen and take notes than when you can pause a recorded lecture
It gives me more structure 
We can ask our questions immediatly and because it is hard to find a good organization by myself, it obliges me to actually follow the lecture and to not postpose the viewing of the recorded videos 
Because than they teach us. So we don't need to teach ourselves.
Because I can learn whenever I feel like it and I am more motivated that way. Because I drift off easily whenever we have a live class. With recorder lectures I don’t have that problem. I can also listen to it again when I forget something. 
Helps staying organised as if the courses still took place at university
It gives me the flexibility to watch the lectures when it suits me best and it makes it possible to look back at some lectures when I need to
by asking questions directly it helps a lot, hearing the voice actually speaking. however it is really hard to concentrate and stay in the zone
I am obligated to go to class, in that way I don’t procrastinate! Now that I didn’t have live classes I am way behind with everything because it takes me a lot longer to understand the material.
If feel like I remember the most of them
You can watch it at your own pace
Because I can’t get away from doing them at that exact moment, so I procrastinate less. They are also not old recorded lectures from last year like some of my professors do, so while teaching live they can keep in mind which situation we are in
I can engage with the material at my own pace
Because we get more explanations. 
Because it is very hard to constantly concentrate on live classes, but when it is recorded, you can pauze the video when you are distracted.
You get the information still in classform but you can watch it later when you have time on your pace
I can study on my own time
Purely because you have a chance to speak to a  tutor directly 
Because its better to have live classes where we could ask professors anything that we did not understand during the lecture
It’s more dynamic
Because I can understand better like if was in-person learning.
because in my city, the most part of the people doesn’t have good access to the internet.
It  enables us to have a more active learning.
Because at my uni they combine videos with the material as prework and live classes for asking questions and learning to apply the concepts and I find that I learned best on the classes that follow this method 
I can go back and check if I have any doubt
I can organize my own schedule and rewatch the topics that I find most difficult
Less interruptions
because i can do it alone
Pausing and being able to take notes without stressing myself
because you can ask the professor, if you didn’t understand, right away \nyou don’t need to send an email or something 
Because I can interact with my professors and friends, which makes social distancing easier. 
It's possible to just ask questions at the time and also see my classmates and how they're doing, even if it's by a webcam
Live classes usually are more extensive in time and my attention spam is not capable of handling it for more than 20 to 30 of online learning. Record lectures have a tendency to have a 20 minutes limit, making it more barrable.
It actually depends on the professor, but in my experience we usually waste too much time with live classes trying to set everything up.
because it’s better to understand the topic when the professor is using his own words, instead of just texts
Because if I have a question I can ask it while the class is still happening, and that way I\'m "obligated" to watch instead of procratinating to watch recorded videos os assignments. 
Any tipe of live classes (it’s more similar to normal classes, i can participate more) 
because I get to actively participate in classes and get rid of any doubt right away 
Because, if something happens while I should be in class, I can see it later and not loose anything.
I can ask questions right away
I need more engagement, so I prefer either recordings or live classes.
interaction
Because I am able to learn by myself and I have all the resources I then need
If it is conducted well, it’s just like normal class but it’s easier to ask questions 
I can make my own schedule 
I can’t still engage with the professors and other students while studying from home. They do breakout sessions that allow us to work in small groups. I do have the added benefit of materials being uploaded and recordings available for one week on top of live classes.
Because it still allows class interaction even if the class is physically apart
Ability to ask questions, and feel the «\xa0presence\xa0» of my classmates! Though that was particularly true for classes that had been held in person before (ie. Knew people in the class). For classes online from the start of the semester, my last comment might defer!
Engagement in class, accountability, ability to ask questions in real time
Can see everyone
Somewhat similar to face to face 
Allows you to understand stuff on your own. With video classes, I get easily distracted and struggle to concentrate on what’s happening, so I often miss important information 
I find it hard to pay attention to my 2 hour classes online. I’d much prefer to read the material myself and take notes. 
Chance to process the information in my own time.
They are normally shorter and straight to the point because other students don’t ask questions and you can refer to them later easily. 
I am very self-motivated, and find this the least stressful option. 
The communal aspect. 
Can make notes and listen on your own time. And I can slow things down or go back when I need to 
The ability to work whenever I want without having to be in class when I have other assignments to get done. 
I struggle to focus with live lectures
I can do it when it’s convenient for me and relisten when I need it
It feels like we’re in class. We can ask questions. Also since it’s live you’re forced to do it at that time which helps for staying on top of stuff. 
It allows me to take it at my own pace and revisit the information. This in combination with discussion forums is my favourite online learning mode. 
Being able to learn and ask questions in real time. 
I live in a place where the time difference is a lot with my uni.\nYou can replay if you don’t understand something
Keeps me accountable to do my work/come to class
More freedom to go back over lectures, freedom to create one’s own schedule
You can ask questions live and also interact with other students in small group discussions
I can go at my own pace and it is also accommodating for students that are now in different time zones. 
Real time clarification on questions and the closest thing to real class as possible 
Live lectures feel closest to the experience I have in the classroom. 
Live lectures like zoom or Adobe connect make me feel anxious and guilty for not participating and interacting with the prof, so recorded lectures ease that anxiety, but still have the benefit of aural learning \n
I want to study when i want 
Because then I could go back to the lecture and make sure I didn’t miss anything important
Live interactions
I like interactivity than passivity. I like getting to participate in discussion
I can directly engage with the class in real time 
Easier to pause and follow. Can always go back to material
Because we can interact with the teacher and class
Gives my day structure
I prefer the interaction that it allows for (can ask professor questions and professor can ask us questions to engage us)
It accommodates  multiple timezones. It also makes it easier if for some reason you had to miss a class, you don't feel completely lost.  
More interaction, possibility to ask questions directly, more active learning, forces you to stick to a "normal" schedule and therefore easier to remain caught up
easier personally to learn
Get to ask questions as they arise in the content, and you get to establish more of a relationship with your professor. 
More engaging, interesting, I’m less likely to put it off, feels more like I’m in an in-person lecture since it’s in real time
It’s more similar to actual in person lectures and is more engaging 
Allows for flexibility within your schedule/time. And it is still engaging compared to uploaded material
Easier to watch on your own time 
You can pause and go back to any points you missed or was not clear the first time
I think that this mode allows students the closest thing to in-person classes. Conversations can flow more naturally. 
Pause and take notes while taking doing the lecture
It requires active engagement in the material.
I have a schedule, it feels more like a “normal” class, I can ask questions in real time, we can have group discussions 
It gives you the freedom to choose when is most convenient for you to learn the material
In person 
Forces you to attend class
I really need the live interaction to ask questions as I learn new concepts. It also provides more structure 
It’s more interactive than pre-recorded lectures
it’s closest to what i’m used to
Because it gives me time to learn at my own pace and to stop and go back if I am distracted during the first attempt of watching it.
More interactive it feels like I know what I’m doing more and there’s a form of guidance 
Because you can have live interactions with the professor and classmates
I’m in Humanities so I like being able to pause the videos to take notes or write down a very specifically worded statement. If I have questions, I email, but when we were taking classes in person I would ask in class which I prefer to email. 
I have experienced both in the last few months, depending on the course I’m taking. I find I am more attentive in zoom lectures, and although they do not allow for faster playback speed, I find that since it occurs at a pre-set time, I do not find myself putting the work off till a later date.
I get more control over my own schedule, and I can fast-forward and pause the video to go at my own pace.
I’m working a full-time job at the moment so wouldn’t be able to attend classes that have live lectures during the day. Also, though this doesn’t affect me as I’m in the same time zone as my uni, I think it’s unfair to expect students scattered across different time zones to join a live lecture in the middle of the night.
Freedom of scheduling 
You can watch / rematch the recorded lectures whenever it’s more convenient 
I can go back and relisten to what my prof has said 
it’s similar to what in person lectures were like 
Because I can go back if I don’t understand something 
It's easy to start and stop the lecture and learn the material more thoroughly. When in online call classes, I find it hard to grasp material because the professors dont have the ability to see the reactions of students to the material. They cant grasp when students are lost 
More closely mimics an in class experience, also requires less self motivated learning
Maintains the school routine best 
I find it hard to stay on a schedule when I have recorded lectures and don’t have any mandatory live sessions
Because you can watch it when it’s more convenient for you. Sometimes during live lectures you can have emergencies or technical problems which can cause you not to be able to attend.
I get anxious if I have to interact live with others on zoom, or in a discussion. Plus it is convenient since I work during the day, and can access it whenever. 
Because i can always refer back to it 
I can do my class at whatever time I want and I can break it up into more manageable chunks as our summer courses are accelerated so a class is 3.5 hours. Breaking it up is way easier than sitting in live class for 3.5 straight hours twice a week for each class
I believe speaking in front of 50+ people is a barrier to participation, even online. Discussion boards imo allow for more nuanced and constructive discussion (and by extension, learning) as people have the opportunity to reflect and retype before they press submit.
I can go through material at my own pace which increases my understanding of the topics a lot more.
Instructors give more explanation than on their slides and I can watch the video at a convenient time.
You get to follow the classes at your own pace, and it’s very useful for students in a different time zone like me!
I live in a different time zone so this is more convenient for me than live classes although I prefer live in principle 
Easier to stay focused
Better engagement but also flexibility
We can interact with the teachers and they know our pace
It's easier to understand and we can watch/listen to the material several times.
I can read the material independently.
It’s easier to communicate directly with the teacher
I think I would enjoy it because it allows you to be more engaged (both audio and visual) and you could do it at your own pace. My profs only uploaded notes, so it was very hard to be motivated or engaged. 
Cause I can pause videos when I need more time to write a point down and it’s not as awkward as video chats. Also when it’s takin a long to get to a point I can just speed it up
It keeps me engaged and accountable for my learning
Gives students the ability to learn material on their own time and revisit an entire concept without having to be in person. Also, replicates an in-class experience instead of simply uploading notes (auditory element of a lecture)
it is most like a classroom setting andgives me a better sense of accountability
Forces me to actually watch the lecture, gives structure, etc
It gives me time to work at my own pace and hear a real person explain the information.  
it's a schedule meeting and you HAVE to do it
-the most engaging form of online learning (from my perspective of course)\n-Helps me feel connected with my instructors and classmates which in turn makes me connect more to the material and encouraging through sense of community\n-ability to ask questions as I learn new material, and creates discussions within “classroom” that leads to more critical thinking \n-from my experience it is more detailed, and concepts stick most easily 
My part time job as a university student suddenly became a full time job because of the coronavirus (I work in a clinic) . Having pre-recorded lectures or uploaded content allowed me to actually finish my semester (as I would not have been able to attend live classes). Although It might not be an ideal method for learning effectively, it allowed me to not miss out on anything. Discussion formus were also opened to discuss the material afterwards. 
because you can still have traditional lectures and seminars 
Because it allows for student and teacher interactions and it is the closest to the in person classes format I am used to
Because we can ask questions at the moment and we will be answered at the same moment.
In the current situación internet is not working so well, so a recorded class is easy to understand, and you can ask later to the professor 
It’s the closest thing right know to have a connection with my teachers
It's often more concise and i can rewatch the videos if i need to review a certain topic also my professors tend to rumble a lot which sometimes makes watching their online classes difficult especially if u tend to get distracted very easily which is my case having adhd.
Because you can ask questions in real time and also hear your classmate questions and the professor answer.
Because i’m concentrate easily with that model, while i got live classes. i’m get lose more fast with question of another people
it gives you the space to go in you own terms and time 
because it's the one that most resembles face to face classes.\n
since the teachers go too fast online (because you have some delay, so questions get either late or you forget about your question) I prefer to watch the video at my own speed.
You can ask questions in live time
Because you get to ask questions and feels more “normal” 
Because i can watch at my own pace and make notes with drawings that i fully understand.
The teachers can answer our questions immedately and everything have better explanations, but i have a lot classmates with internet issues so it doesn't work well for them.
It resembles our regular classes the most
It’s makes me feel more “in class” and focused as it’s happening live, I get the opportunity to interact with my classmates, ask questions, etc. It just feels like the closest to a normal class at uni 
Its more similar to in person classes and you can ask questions in the moment 
Creates a sense of being in an actual class
That would be much easier for the international students(myself being one) cause of the time difference and most importantly the internet acess is very poor at times.
more interactions
Because I feel pressured to actually do work
Actually my classes are live but it's recorded so we can watch the lectures again and it's great because I can rewatch the part that I don't understand.
it gives a sense that I'm sharing the lecture time with real people (lecturers and classmates), not just a video
it forces me to get up and do work, instead of staying in bed all day. i can also ask questions in real time
students can fully engage with the class and discuss with fellows
Interactive learning is a lot more effective
Helps with combating procrastination, can ask questions directly
Interaction with the teacher and classmates
I feel I am in class with my teacher and friends
Interaction with the teacher and classmates
Because I don't learn much by listening and I love my freedom and organization when it comes to studying. 
I'm more engaged 
I can watch it whenever I want to. 
A bigger sence of comunity
I can ask questions in real time.
Beacuse I actually listen to my professor and I can ask questions if I don't understand something. Also I hate recored lessons because I procrastinate on them and I don't listen to them regularly. 
I study maths, so I like to be able to pause the video and think about the complicated concepts the teacher is talking about. And I can email my teacher later about the questions.
Because it’s the closest thing to the real class.
I can ask questions in real time while the professor is explaining.
It requires students to study and understand the material beforehand then coming to the discussion and have the professor and other classmates fill the gaps in the knowledge.  
Because I can always come back to it.
It's the only way.
Because you can ask questions about a topic which isn't clear to me right away
I like to ask questions to make sure I understand everything, i.e. it's more interactive.
I can go back to them when doing assignments
Because it makes me study when it's live. I actually prefer live classes that are recorded for later revision 
I can manage my productive time on my own, without depending on the set time of an online lecture 
Would motivate us to read it at first and then apply the knowledge and discuss arguments. Moreover, students might be less afraid to ask questions for clarification of what they do not understand.
The range of my courses is really wide, so for sciences like Mathematics and Physics I actually prefer Recorded lectures, but for courses like English or Art history I actually prefer Live classes. 
You can always come back to what you didn’t understand.
I just like it better - teacher can tell us what he didn't write in the presentation.
I am an introvert so i videos are better than zoom.
Recorded lectures allow me to manage my time better than attending live classes. I also exploit the possibility to speed it up or rewind the parts that I don’t understand clearly.\nIdeally combined with discussion forums to make up for the lost interactivity
I can work in my own pace
It holds me accountable and it's the most practical for asking questions. 
I can watch it again when i forgot something
It allows me to understand better and go back to what the professor said unlike in online classes
It's more practical, you can also right away ask your instructor about anything you don't understand.
Because it’s easier to understand a certain topic when it’s the professor explaining it to us in real time and we can ask questions.
Because its interesting and interactive.
I can go throught the material at my own pace and pause when i need to note something down in more detail or look up a word or concept. 
It is the most “normal” kind of teaching, compared to how it was before. Lectures generally works really well for me, and the limited amount of student participation makes it easily transferable into a zoom-lecture
It keeps you motivated and allows for more interaction
Because you can ask questions in real time and actually have a discussion with the other people in your class\n
You are able to pause and do it at Your own pace
It is comfortable to be able to take the lecture at any time, also don’t feel the pressure to participate. Also if some of the content is too easy can easily skip forward, or if something is unclear go listen to it again. (I know that participating would be good, but perks of remote school have that it’s  not forced)
Can ask questions in real-time and do groupwork
Because I can ask questions and interact with my classmates and teacher
I can choose when to pause the video and take a break. That option is not possible when the class is on Zoom or the like. Online teaching lacks the social aspect of catching communication signs in eyes and body language, which in turn tires out the brain faster. If the lectures were prerecorded with uploaded materials, the students could choose to join study groups and discuss the materials afterwards, at their own pace. 
It’s the most similar to real life teaching, questions can be solved at the moment 
My uni did recorded lectures with discussion on zoom afterwards which was actually great! It had the classroom benefits of discussion/questions etc but now that I am taking my exams, I am loving being able to revisit the old lectures!
I like to be able to go back and watch something again 
It comes closest to the normal way of having class
It gives the possibility to interact with professor and class mates 
I’m able to do it whenever I want and I can speed it up, slow it down, put it on pause etc if I need to.
It is wonderful to be able to rewind and/or pause the lecture/classes, because it gives you the time to understand everything and even revisit it later again
You can pause and scroll back if you miss a point. And you can listen to it any time you want 
You can pause the lecture, so you can take better notes. (All my lectures have been recorded, but with our project we have calls with our counsellors om teams, and in our study group we use discord, when we are not together)
I can plan my own time.
Cause, lives classes help you to make a connection with the education you get through your teacher and your classmates . And also makes everything easier because you feel motivated 
Because it is the most similar model to an actual class
Because questions appear as the class develops so I can ask them in that moment and have a clear answer. 
Because it depends on the live interaction and if i couldn't understand something the lecturer could repeat it again in another way and it mimics the actual real courses to some extent 
I can hear/ watch the recorded lecture anytime and rewind the bits I've missed because my attention spans is short
Being able to take and study the lectures at my own pace and at any time of the day
makes me that we are on track and and that everyone is following up
As the lecture is explained well in a vid and i can pause anytime to listen again. The internet can be adjusted unlike the zoom meetings where it could be unstable\n
It gives me more freedom in learning and tailoring my own study timings and creating a flexible system that works for me 
Because being in a zoom meeting replicates the classroom environment the most
Because it gives me my space to watch the videos, do my own research about the topic, listen carefully and several times to the records and when I need to ask any questions I can contact my professor anytime.
It’s better to have a specific time assigned to watch a certain lecture rather than it being recorded and uploaded because it requires more energy to actually sit down and watch those later 
Because I can replay the parts that i want to have a solid grasp of .\nTho i would say that an add live session would be beneficial so you can ask questions directly
I can go back and watch them any time
Better explanation yet no internet interruption 
Because I think that way will make me postpone watching the lectures less
Because I am a very interactive person, I learn by engaging with others on different POV and searching for the Why's and How's. It has highest long-term chance of sticking in my memory.
This is the best way to comunicate with my instructor. As we need a back and forth conversation in my fine art course to fully understand what they need us to achieve . 
The lectures themselves aren’t really clear if our Docotor isn’t explaining them. 
Because I can spend more time in reading every single topic.
Because I can make questions and they'll be answered instantly, and I feel that this way makes more dynamic the learning
We get to have a real-time response and way more feedback is case there's information lost within the communication!
Is the best option. 
I tend to go slow when getting new info so I usually pause and go back on the video. Simultaneously, I make notes for things I didn't get so I can ask the professors by e mail or chat.
It is most interactive and I actually remember some new material
Cant be put on spot and i am actually abile to work through the material at your own pace
Helps me keep a normal schedule
More like the usual teaching experience 
Asking questions from professor is easier and the live classes feel the most same as normal contact studying would feel
Because I don't need to do much. I can just chill and listen. (And draw at the same time.)
Communicating is easier + all the information is easy to find afterwards when it's written down
It’s a live situation where you can ask questions and interact with the professor and other students. 
Because I study theatre and the only proper way to have online courses is live classes.
I can pause the video if I need a moment to process what I just learned or if I need some more time to take notes. I can rewatch the video if I didn't understand it from the first time. 
Because it’s at a set time and it’s more interactive.
I can decide when I do my assignments and make my own schedule. 
I like the freedom of choosing when I want to study. I love to be able to see all that i'm excpected to learn in my course at one glance-> I can plan my studies in advance
I can study at a time I prefer the most. Also when doing homework and assingments, it is easier to find help to those from lecture notes or other uploaded materials rather than from live or video lectures.
I can watch it in my own time, pause it if I want to take notes and rewatch it if necessary
It’s easier to follow and understand since the professor is speaking 
Because it allows us to pause the video and take the time needed to fully understand the subject of the course !\nwe can learn at our own pace and don’t have to just take note of the lesson without thinking about what we are writting
Because it's seems more normal: we interact and there is a schedule so I don't get late on my work
It helps keep me accountable, I have to show up. Allows for a minimum of interaction between teacher and student too
Interactions with the teachers, asking questions
It’s much more interactive and it forces me to attend the class, otherwise I wouldn’t have worked as much
Because I have a fixed time schedule and can directly engage with the instructor and other students.
We can ask questions directly and we don't have the choice to go to the classes (less resistance) 
I like knowing other people are joining at the same time (a sense of community) and it helps me keep accountable on the work because I have to prepare for classes at a certain day and time instead of whenever 
It is the most similar to in person learning
Because I'm obliged to listen to what the professor at least for a bit whereas I don't read read the documents sent to us by emails
Interactive
I come from a Business School were classes are very much like in secondary school , and not so much like lectures so to me using zoom or other similar platforms was the most similar to ‘real’ classes. 
Interaction with professors
Because it is the closest format that replicates a «\xa0live class\xa0» and you actually get live human interaction 
It’s really interactive ! The professor can explain us the course by writing on a board. And we can speak with him/her in real time. 
I love it because there can be an interaction between us (the students) and the teachers. It makes it lot easier to ask questions and understand a topic 
It replicates the environment of a real classroom as much as possible and having set times that I need to log on and learn helps keep structure 
It's easier to understand something when someone is actually explaining orally rather than only reading it
 it’s way easier in order to organise my work through the entire week
I find it is very important to interact with teachers still, I would have found recorded lectures to be uninteractive 
Interactive 
It is more interactive
You can take your time and made some research at your own pace.
You can ask a question immediately when you don’t understand something and get an answer on the spot. It’s easier and Moreno dynamic.
I can watch it when I have the time
It’s the less different from IRL classes
It allows to learn at our own speed (replay the video)
when i'm home, i like to work when i want to (ie preferably not at 8 am) and most of our class times never fit in the timetable i made for myself 
Having live classes forces you to be ahead of your work, or at least not to fall behind 
It is much harder to take notes and stay concentrated in a live class
We can interact live 
Because like that it’s easiest to manage your time. 
I get to interact with the teacher and fellow students in case I haven't fully understood something and I get to see other people again which is nice. It is also interactive.
I prefer forums/chats because I actually feels like I have to participate. During zoom meetings it easier to fake being attentive.
Ii is more convenient and I can finally follow my own timetable. 
I feel like it is more interactive as professors are asking questions and we can either answer on the chat or talk to the whole class. 
Because it helps to keep the same kind of dynamic as actual classes, plus you can talk directly to the teacher 
Due to my poor internet connection it was the best option I had to keep up on my uni classes. 
Because it contains more information and it is easier to read at anytime 
I actually get live explanations on the lesson and in general I am more focused in lectures than alone in front of course material. 
You can actually see the professor and the students, it helps me to focus 
It's more interactiv 
It allows me to take time to make complete notes and to go back if I didn’t understand a concept
Easier to stay focused and motivated during the class + more interactions with the professor
I'm free to decide how I want do to things
It's more interactive, and helps stay motivated as you are directly in relation with the teachers 
I 
Because there is more interaction with the instructor and the other students and it increases your motivation to study
Tbh It’s because I can see my friends, and it’s what feels most like an actual course 
Recorded videos and recordings for sure 
It’s almost the same as live lectures but you can pause the video whenever you want.
More interaction, although I also like recorded lectures. Overall, seeing the professors and hearing them explain the content is a lot better for understanding than simply reading the material.
Videos can be paused and replayed when studying. I can also listen to them again while reviewing my notes
Because it is easier to interact, it makes the class more interactive and interesting. 
Do it at your own rhythm but also more alive than just reading pdf or text
It is more helpful and you can learn when you want
It forces me to be focused and prepare for the class
You can ask questions
Allows interaction with the instructor 
It allows you to send questions immediately 
I enjoy the fact that it is so interactive, it feels the closest to actual school!
I can listen again if I have not understood something or took notes on a quotes source. It's also super helpful to structure my summaries because I can pause when listening a second time.
Live questions and answers 
Best to focus
It saves time : no small talk like we would have during live classes. And you can do it whenever you want. 
It gives structure to my day and I also find seeing my professor faces and other student comments motivating. It makes me feel like I'm still in a studying environment, even though I'm at home. 
It helps me understand the course better
Because bad internet connections make live classes/discussion forums impossible
because it is the only way to keep human interaction and active learning for students 
I'm more focus during live class
easier to focus than reading but accessible at all time + can pause it
Makes it easier to study at your pace and according to your availabilites.
More interactive et ne with quarantaine it is nice to see familiar faces other than family 
To me, it's the one that looks the most to real classes I used to have before our university closed (physically)
Because it’s really similar to actually attending class and I tend to find it more appealing than studying uploaded/emailed materials on my own.
We get to see the teacher so it doesn't feel like we're left alone with our work
Can actually interact and express my thoughts directly
It feels more interactive 
I don't have to show up, nor watch long videos. I can work at my own pace and still slay it !! 
It was simply easier to work at my own pace with uploaded materials.
Because it allow me to follow the course whenever I want and because I prefer listening to teachers instead of reading a entire course by myself for the first time. (I also like ondine live classes a lot)
I like when instructors trusted us and simply send their courses by email (or put them on a sharing platform). It's way less difficult and exhausting than when they organised lived classes or discussions forums  (where it's often badly organised + internet access problem for some...)
We can make sure we understood the material and receive a more detailed explanation of the material we are studying. Moreover, we can benefit from the questions and answers of our peers and expand our reasoning thanks to them. 
- way more lively\n- easier to understand the material\n- easier to ask questions 
It allows to interact and ask questions like in a normal lesson
It allows the students to participate and ask questions
Possibility to watch when desired and interactive. Possibility to make pauses to take notes 
in most of subjects, I can learn better when the course is written
Because I find it much easier to take notes. It’s not really the best as much as it is the less bad. It also is better for me as a disabled student. 
It still is a bit interactive and allows us to manage our time as we can and want to. The voice and presence of a teacher is also much more engaging than a mere document. 
Students are more angaged and interested
It's more actively interactive and I see my fellow classmates
While recorded lectures are more comfortable to watch, it's easier to communicate trough live classes - you can participate, ask questions etc. Also, you have a sense of routine (you have a lecture at a specific time).
I can interact with it at my own pace so it makes it easier to integrate studying into my dail life, it doesn't drain my energy as much as zoom classes do but it still feels more personal than just being provided with materials and having no human connection.
When Classes are pre recorded I tend to procrastinate more 
When Classes are pre recorded I tend to procrastinate more 
More interactive 
Recorded 
It allows me to watch and study the material at my own pace, which is important for me because I cannot be as focused on my work as I would be in normal circumstances 
Doesn't restrict me to certain times, which contributes to independence in deciding the best time to do work 
I can work at my own pace 
I can work at my own pace and time and it forces me to really engage with the subject 
Contribute and have direct feedback
Interaction, instant feedback and answers to questions
Active learning/ participation 
I can take my own time and pause or skip if I want to. 
I like completing the materials at my own speed and I find live classes very stressful.
Because it feels like a conversation rather than learning everything by myself 
It's easy to discuss more complex and unfamiliar topics and get answers from the instructor right away if you don't understand something. 
I can study it at my speed and repeat certain parts 
It’s easier to concentrate than live classes and I can do it on my own schedule. It doesn’t require a good internet connection. 
You can ask questions 
One is able to ask questions and go in depth about certain parts of the material 
Because you can re watch the course. 
Its the closest we can get to actual discussions in person
It allows me to take breaks, go back and replay something if necessary. 
You can plan your time more flexible but I think it’s best when there is a zoom lecture each week for questions. 
Flexibility 
Because it’s more interactive and feels more normal
I have to be present and concentrated because the professors are randomly calling on people. Also I can immediately ask questions and get feedback to my work
feels most like a real class, can ask questions right away, engagement is high
Interaction with people and set times (so you don't get behind that much as with recorded sessions)
Because it has the mix between a lecture like it is at uni and the interaction with questions... it doesn't differ that much from what I am used to at uni
Flexibility and time saving 
I appreciate that the lecturer is on hand for questions, to lead activities/discussion, and that I can still interact in some way with my peers
Closest to our real classes, opportunity to ask questions directly
Flexibility
Because I can learn at my own pace
Forces you to pay attention and have routine
For me personally it is the most effective working mode because it definitely provides more freedom as you get to schedule your day/ week on your own terms instead of having to stick to fixed times and dates (as it's the case for live classes etc) 
Because it allows me to study at my own pace.
Possibility to ask questions live and get instant replies. Can immediately explain a not understood topic again before moving on
You can repeat passages or rewatch the whole lecture
I feel like I learned a lot more by having to work through it in my own time without the pressure of sitting in live lectures all day.
It is more similar to the usual way courses are taught at my university.
Because even though communication is limited, it's better to have an output possibility as opposed to just input through e.g. recorded lectures.
I can do it on my own schedule 
It’s the most interactive and keeps me motivated to follow the lecture
Because I get to know ideas other than my own on a subject
Our professors try to make it as interactive as possible and we can just ask questions as if in we were in lectures.
It depends on the course. Some are teached better through Zoom. But for others like statistic recorded lectures work better.
Some Professors upload there classes on set days in the week, others tend to upload them whenever it pleases them; that means one some days we get a weeks load of work uploaded and then sometimes no one is uploading anything; however, since the classes are available the whole semester, I am not bound to the professors schedule and I can chose when I want to work on a certain subject. Also, looking forward to exam season, I guess it will be coming in handy to be able to review some lectures. 
Its discussion-based 
keeps me accountable and helps structuring my days, otherwise i would do less work
It best resembles the actual class experience 
Questions can be answered directly
Because I can watch the lectures whenever I want and don't have to interact immediately.
it still gives structure and doesn’t leave you stranded to do all the work on your own
I like working at my own pace and choosing my own time and structure. 
Discussion chats are rubbish, asynchronic classes are even worse, live classes are sometimes amazing because you get to interact with the teacher and other students, sometimes they're also a waste of time
live classes replace actual lectures the best
Easy to ask questions 
You ger to interact with each other
More flexible time management, it works better 
The students have the chance to ask questions and everybody benefits.
Recorded lectures are boring and impersonal and there is a need to pause and write everything down but with zoom lectures = better interaction and easier to ask questions + participation, which means I feel like I understand the content better
Easier to do work when it is scheduled
I can study at my own pace and feel less pressure than in a live class. 
It is harder to concentrate during online lectures so it is cool to be able to go back to a certain topic you didn't get the first time. Also many professors seem to be quite uncomfortable with zoom.
I also like zoom, but recorded lectures (combined with q&a sessions) provide me with the possibility to learn the material at my own speed. Working with zoom lessons, I often struggle to keep concentrated. 
Asynchronous modes of teaching allow everyone to work how they prefer. Live classes in this contexts are just unnecessary.
Real time connection to the person who is teaching the class
You get to stay in contact with your professors and other students
It’s more interactive 
Because I can interact with other students. 
It's nice to have some sort of structure during the week that asynchronous models of teaching cannot provide
Get to add content myself, ask questions, contact with friends from uni
You can work at your own pace and play things back if you didn't understand things properly. Usually these recorded lectures are paired with a live class (when the lecture would usually be) that is used for questions. Since you then don't hear about the material for the first time you can understand all the questions and answers a lot better. You are also able to work whenever you want and whenever it fits your schedule. 
Because I can watch it multiple times and I can pause whenever I want, to make notes etc.
Don't have anything else atm
Discussing topics with others is the most effective way to find out if you actually understood everything 
I can ask questions and it‘s more personal
I can choose the time, when I can concentrate the best
Better routine and exact schedule
I can decide when to watch the lectures and I‘m good at actually getting up and doing that without too much procrastination. It makes me a lot more flexible and I can make sure I‘m actually able to focus when I do sit down for the lecture. Also doesn‘t make me as anxious as attending live classes. 
All our courses are 2/3 Zoom lectures and 1/3 recorded lectures. I prefer recorded lectures because I have the ability to pause at any given time. Work out any questions and research aittle bit on the discussed topic. It gives me the opportunity to really understand the material at the day of the lecture, which is during my normal uni routine just not the case. 
I learn better by myself, reading it up and teaching it myself. Never used to go to lectures anyway :)
Because I can choose when I want to do it. So I am more flexible to plan my day. I can also rewatch parts that I don’t understand. 
It‘s helpful to get advice directly from the lecturer and it‘s just nice to be able to see everyone. And I like that the lecturer has got the opportunity to be more spontaneous about how he’s organizing the way we learn about certain topics concerning how the group is interested in / how well the group has understood the topic. 
Mire flexibility 
I can pause the lecture any time, I can listen to it twice
Free time managment 
It makes my schedule really flexible and I can rewatch the material.
It is closest to „normal“ university, conversations are possible and you can ask questions as they arise
There‘s a fixed schedule and you‘re able to interact with the lecturer and other participants
Feels most similar to face to face classes
you can interact more with other students and it at least feels a bit more like normal university 
you can interact more with other students and it at least feels a bit more like normal university 
more interaction, no opportunity for the prof to prolong the session 
Allows a "normal" class experience, groupwork etc
We aren't losing our academic rhythm, it's more engaging and we (sometimes) get to interact via breakout rooms or by asking questions to our professor. It's also easier to motivate oneself when having a regular schedule and class you can't skip (not recorded) + when really seeing someone talking to the class
If you have recorded video lectures, you are able to chose when to work through them. Also, it’s easier to follow when clicking “stop” and take some more time to revise the stuff more intensively.
It‘s easier to ask questions and you don‘t get as distracted as with recorded lectures
It’s the mode that comes closest to our regular classes. One of my classes relies solely on a text/forum based approach, which is not overly motivating, the others mainly on live classes and they are far more engaging. I also study languages which would be very difficult to do based on only materials.
Most interactive, most like normal classes
It is closest to normal class
With live lectures when my internet connection is low I keep on having log out and in again and I can’t consentrate properly
we can have actual discussions
I am able to ask questions directly and get an instant response. I am also more inclined to actually study compared to just recorded lectures for example. 
We are a small class, therefore it is nice to interact with everybody and be able to discuss the topics of the class 
Questions can be answered immediately
It helps me to stick to a relatively normal schedule, especially for sleep wise. But we also have the option to watch those lectures remotely as well. 
Bc you actually engage in the class and therefore put work into the subject. You also  get some motivation to do pre or after work.\n
It’s my preferred method because I can study at my own pace. 
Gives a structure/schedule to follow because it’s an actual appointment 
Have the ability to review lectures 
It comes closest to an actual class meeting where you can actively engage in. Asking questions about the content etc.
You can organize yourself and be more free (also zoom meetings can be really exhausting whem you have to pay attention for 9h straight)
Because of the faster interaction and possibility to ask questions 
Seine people, bring able to talk with each other, more direct
Allows me to take in the material at my own pace on my own schedule 
I can decide When and How fast to do the work. 
Because it‘s the most interactive mode and resembles live classes at uni the most. 
I can work at my own pase and if I have any questions, I can first check back with my friends and then ask the professor
Because I can go back to it , hit pause etc. which helps me understand the material better and because it makes me more flexible time wise. 
I can plan my own schedule.
Ability to organise learning freely and to adapt it to your own learning speed (i.e. Rewatching certain parts, pausing,...) 
Able to pause, replay, subtitels
The only one i know. Although discussion forum sounds interesting, might just be a littls difficult for my subject
We can ask questions immediatly and it is a set timeslot I have to do the lectures, which helps me to organize myself
I can work in my own flow and at my preferred time. 
Being able to watch at later date/repeat/pause, especially while having other stuff to do (Work, volunteering at hospitals, doctoral thesis in Germany alongside university)
It’s more engaging and you actually have to show up and be somewhere whereas recorded lectures you can sort of push back
A mixture of uploaded videos and live tutorials worked really well for me
Because I can’t slack off and can ask questions during a live class\n
Because it gives me a reason not to postpone doing the work
I can do everything in my own pace. I can take my time and pause or rewind something to get a better understanding.
I like the possibilities to ask questions in the moment they come up. I do appreciate it though if the online class is recorded and can be rewatched to go over the material again  
Because I can pause the Video and look things up, replay a part or play it quiker depening on my understanding of the material. 
the possibility of asking questions exists
I can choose when I can watch it and can look at it again when studying for an exam 
More interactive, forces me to be more disciplined
More interactive, able to ask questions
You can pause or replay a part and you can choose which time of day suits you best for concentration. 
It is the most interactive of all
possibilty to choose when I want to do the work, can pause and write everything down instead of having to come back to it a second time
It makes it harder to procrastinate and it feels more like real uni
Being able to rewatch, pause, especially when the internet is slow
No pressure when using the software 
It's something between prerecorded lectures and zoom sessions. I have one professors who uploads 10-20 min videos on each subject  and offers a zoom meeting once a week to answere questions. So I actually prefer both because I can watch the videos at my own pace and because they are divided into many short videos it's not too much information to process, as it would be with an hour long lecture.
Because I am free to choose when to watch the recorded lecture and to take pauses whenever i need them. Additionally I don't miss any information if the internet didn't work during live classes 
Because the internet connection isn‘t always good enough for live classes and I like watching it on the time I have time
I can plan my time better
In this mode I am able to pause the video or go back when I didn’t understand something. In this way I don’t have to go over my notes and write them neatly after the lesson, but can do it while working on the video.
I can take my time and not feel stressed about taking notes under pressure
you are able to rewatch it and in a Recorder lecture you can listen and read = more sense are used
It is interactive and offers the possibility to ask questions. It is also the closest to actual classes and gives the feeling of being with other students instead of studying completely on your own. 
Actually it’s a mixture of life classes and recorded lectures. The best classes so far have been those that offer recorded videos to teach the content, offer practice sheets and then follow up with a weekly meeting to answer questions or go into more depth
They allow for a lot of flexibility but they are not as interactive as live classes. On the other hand, they are great for lectures where many people participate in
Because you get to interact with your prof and your pupils, ask relevant questions and are motivated to contribute to the courses
I can plan my time better and watch the videos in a faster speed
Because I can replay the lectures and work time independent
You can watch the lectures in your own time and fully understand everything.
Because there is the option to pause,  and replay if I don’t understand something right away . Also I am more flexible at what time I’m doing the lecture. 
Can be repeated 
I can pause it and watch it again and again until I understand it
Being able to rewind and rewatch 
\n
Because it is the only mode of teaching, so i cannot compare it to other modes.
I can make my own schedule 
Can watch it whenever I want and repeat parts I missed, watch it twice
With the changed Rhythm of the day and often feeling down ist great to be flexible when to do the lectures
Because I can do it when I have the time to do it or want to do it, I can listen to the lectures faster and it just saves me a lot of time. I am also more motivated when I decide that i want to do something and not when I have to do it on a certain day at a certain point of time.
You are able to stop your lecture ,write something down and go on when you are ready...so you can make the most of your time!
Natural interaction is key! Also, whoever teaches does it best when able to react to their audience. 
It‘s more interactive & therefore easier to remember, associate with other terms or concepts, live discussions help w/ taking on other perspectives and being able to dive a lot deeper into certain topics
It allows me to take my class whenever I want or stop it or repeat something I didn’t quite understand the first time. Furthermore I am working for another professor at my Uni and my lectures sometimes overlap with hers so I need to be available to do my job for her.
I can do it whenever I am free. 
It is more engaging and easier to be on time with everything 
You can easily do the work at youre own speed, pausing the Video or watch parts back to understand the topic. I can listen to them when ever I want, and can crate my own schedule.
You can go back easily and listen again 
Because when lectures are prerecorded, I can hit the pause button during the lecture to write my notes. I think it is quite convinient.
I can freely choose when to do my uni-work and am more flexible concerning my daily schedule. Videos are more engaging and lively than text-materials.
Interaction is given
Because I have to watch it at a certain, I‘m not disciplined enough for recorded lectures
I get to interact and feel like I’m part of something which makes me more motivated and interested. 
Because I can watch the lecture again as much as I want and it helps me memeorize everything. Even though I couldn't really choose the option, I do think web seminars are so important to have alongside of these, as the conversation we have about the content of the lecture help increase the level of understanding. 
You can go back on something and repeat it as often as you like 
Because its convenient 
Because its convenient 
Because its convenient 
Because it gives me the opportunity to work by my own schedule and to rewatch things I didn't understand. 
It gives me the time I need and I can always watch it back multiple times. Live classes are helpful to keep a schedule, but they also depend highly on time and technical stuff like wifi connection, which is not the best
I can pause and rewatch 
Being Held accountable, intetaction
Ability to pause (to take a break/ research/ etc), flexibility to study whenever.
Interaction
The social aspect
It’s interactive and comes closest to analog learning
I can work at the time and pace I like!
I can listen to it whenever i want to and as much as i want to 
Interaction with professors are much easier and questions can get answered quickly 
You can watch them in your own time and increase the playback speed
Because you have a set time for the course, which helps to bring structure to my life at the moment. I also like the possibility to interact with instructors as well als fellow students in real time.
Because it enables me to study in my own pace which makes it easier for me to really engage with the material
You can do it at any time you want\nBut it also depends on the subject, for some topics live classes with immediate answers are better in order to understand everything
It happens at a specific time, which makes it easier not to procastinate
Because I am free in my time management and can watch the lecture when I have time for it
Access all the time
Because you get to interact with people and it’s easier to ask questions if anything’s unclear this way. 
i can decide when i want to watch the lecture 
Because I can repeat it as often as I want 
I can self-study best this way.
Because I can rewatch the recordings as many times as I want.
It is my favorite mode, because you have your tasks and material but while the prof is going threw the PowerPoint you can ask directly as if it was a lecture like before Covid-19
I can adapt the content to my desired speed, pausing is possible, but it is not only going through books, the professor is actually talking, which is quite nice.
it would be just like sitting in school and learning. And that’s I think the best way for my particular course because the lecture relies so much on the teacher explaining scenarios and strategies in context. 
Best for discussions and brief conversations about the material provided
Because I still have someone explaining things to me, AND I can rewatch moments I didn't properly understand, I can pause to maybe research something I didn't understand, I can work when I have time
the freedom of organising your day however you like it is quite refreshing
Because you can follow the content at preferred amount of time while it is personally presented and discussed by the professor, thats a good way of learning for the lecture classes. 
Live classes are my preferred mode of teaching because discussions and questions are possible - I feel like I understand more of the topic. Also I am much more motivated to actually prepare for the class if I have live classes.
It is more personal and better explained than uploaded material but often works better than Zoom (since the lecturers seem to be more comfortable). 
Because immediate interaction is possible and it gives the feeling of real-life classes
Own time and rhythm 
I have the option to work whenever I want 
It makes it way easier to interact with our professors and it’s the closest we can get to an actual lecture! It also puts a bit more structure in the day as you have a set time frame in which zoom meetings or online classes are being held. 
More Personal, rounds up the lecture
Because the instructors that just give us materials do not seem to care much and leave us to struggle our way through
Learning by listening is easier for me than other ways
The possibility of interacting with classmates and professors whilst still having the freedom of working on my own schedule
Because i can replay things I didn't understand and can learn whenever i want.
You can ask questions and interact with others
I understand the theme of the lecture better this way. 
Because it feels more like real seminars than working through material by yourself
I can have my own schedule and study when I want
It's more dynamic and it makes it easier to discuss 
Because one can create their own schedule, fitting personal preferences of working, i.e. early in the morning/ in the evening, everything in a big chunk or decided into small portions 
Because you can choose the time you are able to work on the lectures and at which pace 
The uploaded Materials are actually quite structured and we always have a number of questions we are supposed to be able to answer after we worked with the material. Often a video is included as well and we have weekly test (ungraded) to check our knowledge. 
Regular seminars
Its with more varied and less boring
Easy to pause or repeat something. Makes my schedule flexible
Because I can study in my own speed
More personal 
More interesting, interactive learning, easier to stay focused
Interaction with others
Because I can complete the task in my own time. I also find that during actual online classes (eg. Zoom Meetings) I lose my ability to concentrate after five minutes or so.
I still have some sort of support from my lecturer but can do the lecture in my own time
Because it feels the most like „normal“ Uni life. I can see my friends via video and Webcam interact with the professor and each other.
Freedom to Strange day the way I want to, takes less time than zoom -> higher concentration level
Just sending up some assignments are not helping to understand the matter. It is important to discuss it 
I can just download the scripts and take them anywhere to study and I can go back and forth easily while taking notes.
You can take notes and ask questions, you are held accountable (creates routine) 
Possibility to interact and ask questions, schedule similar to in person classes
Cause it's easier to take notes
The ability to ask questions or ask for clarification or more examples from your prof on the spot is something other forms of teaching just don’t give you! I also enjoy the sense of normalcy around having interactions with my classmates. 
Because i can make my own schedule and also because i'll be able to return and watch the lecture again if i didn't understand something the first time.
It could be a sufficient and interactive way to replace the face to face lessons, as the teacher can show the class material while explaining at the same time. 
Because my classes have a more strict schedule and I can study more consistently (with recorded lectures for example I lack the self discipline I need in order to keep myself on a schedule) 
don’t need to directly interact with everyone which stresses me 
It resembles face to face classes the most 
Because I can interact with my instructors and classmates and I can make questions 
You can speed up the process if the professor is talking too slow 
Because it look alike more with the real lessons
I can learn at my own pace
Because everything is happening real time and you can participate, almost as if you were in class.
Time efficient, comfortable and doesn't depend on internet connection speed. 
Because you can ask questions, add information to the class, discuss the topic with the professor and classmates
Live classes on zoom
Motivates me to study. If it is recorded already I most likely study materials before the deadlines.
It gives us the opportunity for real-time communication and feedback.
You can ask questions during the lecture, you don't have to wait hours or days for your professor's reply.
That is the most similar to real-life in-person classes, plus it makes me feel less isolated
Because if it’s recorded I can rewatch it and stop it when I need to.
It is more like a norma class, doesn’t feel so quarantined
Until it was exam season everything was great. We had lovely and understandable online classes so that was actually pretty ok. It really felt like a normal class we could even take notes and in some classes we had a good relationship with the teachers.
It is much more flexible, I can decide when I listen to them or watch them but also it is so important to have the opportunity to ask questions when needed. All in all I would say I prefer recorded content but consultation is also really important to me. 
Because we have the opportunity to ask questions
Find it very helpful to pause and rewind what is being side - better for note-taking
real life interaction, debates, questions can be asked, discussions....
My studies rely on helping each other and teamwork a lot and I felt like I couldn’t do all my assignments all alone
I can listen the lectures whenever i want. I can manage my time.
Less stressful, more flexible, and the material is easier to understand
I found the absence of everyday contact terrible and during live classes I would sense a bit of normality. However, I did not mind the uploaded mmaterial,I achived more and I could manage my time better too.
It's easier for me to keep track of things and do all my studies my way of I can just shove everytthing into a folder and then go from there without javing to watch lectures/be in a class and depending on others. 
Is most like actual teaching and it's also way more effective in learning the material than just reading slides etc. 
You’re held more accountable to turn up and not be lazy about it. Also helps to maintain a uni-like structure 
More engaging and interactive.
No restriction of place 
Can go back to the recorded lectures again. It's way more convenient than the zoom sessions, which to be honest are a waste of time. 
Recorded lectures help us to learn at our own pace. As a person who's also doing ACCA alongside graduation, it's kinda hard to keep up with the times teachers set for the classes because it's only convenient to them. 
Live material is being taught so there can be interaction 
Usually the timings aren't good
My teachers cannot afford to record lectures or videos. Discussions forms aren't usually helpful, because students are primarily dormant, and emailed materials aren't either. India has a weird way of teaching it's students..its usually memorization and nothing else. So live interaction is better. Because the 1% of the class that actually pays attention could interact with the teacher. 
More interactive
More flexibility
Interaction and on spot doubt redressal
Helps me stay up to date with my lectures and enables discussions.
More interactive than the recorded ones.
That way we can review it anytime we want. It has time flexibility as well.
This is more interactive and the most close it can get to a PHYSICAL (Offline) class
Self paced and free from interference of my classmates who end up messing with the teacer usually
Live classes are realistic.
Convenient 
You can ask questions to the professors and get responses in real time. Also, it's more interactive. 
Because I can learn things at my own time and at my own pace
Lesser interruptions, can be used time & time again 
Having live classes atleast gives me some semblance of being in a class, and while I don't mind recorded lectures too, live lets us ask doubts right when we get them, and even if they're at weird hours of the day, makes me feel more like I'm at college than recorded. 
Connectivity issues is a serious problem here
Google meets or zoom
Because this way I can watch the lectures when I'm free, and rewind it if I don't understand something, also it's easier to take notes.
Because in online teaching if you have doubts you can clear there only immediately 
Because I can move in the pace that I want to. With recorded lectures or videos, I can pause, rewind and take my time with sections I have trouble understanding. \nIn live sessions there are often many communication issues, and I tend to get lost in lectures very easily, and the professors don't have time to explain again, or don't even bother checking if we have understood.
Zoom
It's the closest to traditional lectures, which are interactive, something that's always nice! 
It is interactive in nature.
Teachers usually rush to finish their topic and thus we cant really grasp it enough to ask them questions.If they make the video taking their own time we can learn from it and ask them about our doubts through google classrooms or through mail.
Because it's clear
Easier to pause, take notes, rewind if not clear etc
Offline or online anyone of it works. However for many of the Indian students who do not even have good network connectivity, offline mode is preferred. 
feels like we're actually being taught like in college and we can ask questions on the spot
Live classes are bot accessible to each and everu student due to network related barriers in remote areas. Also we can hear the recorded lectures at any time as per our suitability. Lastly, a proper and comparatively less chaotic chat discussion regarding doubts and suggestions can also take place. And all this requires much lesser data speed and accessibility in comparison to live streaming! 
Gives you your own time, and is more interactive 
Not everyone in class has similar understanding speed, so teacher can explain once in video. We can watch how many ever times we want. 
Because it makes it easier and we cant get distracted. 
Because it is comfortable for me
Because I will have to attend without being lazy
Actually, I felt absolutely comfortable with both the recorded and uploaded materials! U can always go back and refer unlike the zoom lectures that I do not prefer at all.
Interactive learning 
In India, there are many places which do not have access to the internet (for ex - Jammu and Kashmir). Online classes which are conducted on platforms, such as Zoom, happen at a certain time. What if a student has a really poor connection to the internet while the class is being conducted? They miss out on it. This is why I prefer Discussion forums/chats over other modes because it stores information for a time when the student would be able to have access to the internet. I am anyway against online learning because it excludes many student who do not come from very privileged backgrounds. But discussion on chats can still be used to make it all a little more inclusive.
They r informal and fun 
Because it helps in active engagement and it's almost similar to actual class yet allows you to learn at your own comfort of home.
Student engagement is better 
Recorded lectures are good I guess as some (including myself) may have poor internet , also they contain all the content about the particular topic and we can play pause whenever we can't understand a particular thing and contact our professor to ask about it.
The presence is more synchronised
It's a video of someone explaining so easier to comprehend and also easier to take notes from because it's pause-able. 
I can do it in my own time and feel more organized than scheduled zoom meeting with uncertained time 
Able to study any time of the day 
During live classes the lecturer still explains the materials, and im able to ask directly if i dont understand what was being explained
I can speed up the video.
I can ask questions right away , or if I didn’t understand anything I could ask the professor to explain again.
I feel more accountable for my learning when a lecture is live.
Real-time, more structure to my day
Can rewind back over
There's more engagement between lecturers and students so it's much more of an active experience 
As the live classes were very time consuming and some people could not get adequate internet connection at the specific time
I'm more likely to attend these than to listen to prerecorded materials. More interactive, really not that different from actual lectures 
Handy enough. Also like posted material, can work through it in your own time.
More interactive and it’s live with the lecturer instead of it being prerecorded 
I could pause/repeat lectures if I needed more time to understand a topic
Live interaction, ability to ask questions & further discuss certain topics or issues
Makes me motivated to actually attend class rather than when things are recorded I don’t feel motivated on my own terms to do it
The closest thing to a real life face to face lecture can get immediate answers to questions 
Allows for asking questions
I think live classes would be good if the students actually interacted with the professor. Also if cameras were turned on for both students and teacher. In all of my classes no-one turned on their camera, not even the teacher. 
It allows me time to take my own notes and pause if breaks are needed
I can always refer back to them whereas our classes are not recorded so if you didn’t catch what was said then you miss out.
It has less distractions 
There is more interaction between students and the lecturer. 
It feels the most like a classroom discussion, the conversation can flow easier 
Having live classes online kept some form of routine as of I was going to college. Although there were positives out of the pre-recorded lectures, they often allowed me to work when I chose. I must say I can put things on the long finger and get easily distracted unless kept to a routine. So the live classes allowed for that.
More like in class
Can ask questions directly, and generally things are explained better than just notes.
Easier to revisit recorded material with verbal explanations. 
You can pause lectures which means you can take in more info, especially if lecturers talk really quickly. Also more suitable because I don't have good wifi so live lectures are hard to access.
Such classes are live. It is harder to motivate yourself to partake in work that is on blackboard and can be accessed at any time of the day.
Set times for zoom lectures motivates me to get up and do college online. 
It feels more engaging and has the option to be interactive 
As you can ask questions live, this was very handy for me as I have a lot of maths in my course 
Makes me feel somewhat productive. If it was all just online lectures recorded I’d do no work
I can pause them so i can take notes better than if doing it live. Also i can access it at any time so no 9ams!!
It was the only method utilised by my college, so I have no knowledge of other mediums
Easier to interact with teachers and supports the successful flow of teaching and learning through questioning and discussion
More personal, can ask questions and actively participate
I like being able to ask teachers questions and seeing the answers to questions that other students have asked. Since our lectures are recorded I like being able to look back at them at a later time.
It's the only one I've really experienced. It's nice being able to do things at your own pace but I miss the interaction
It allows real-time engagement with the teacher and the content
No need to be at live lecture
Can listen whenever you want! And makes it easier to go back and re listen if you forget something 
As a student trying to work part-time on the frontline (supermarket) my hours increased due to higher demand and therefore my university schedule was disregarded as my job took priority. With recorded lectures I can log into them at any time that’s convenient for me! 
As it keeps my attention longer, I get to interact with peers
Able to listen/watch whenever you want 
Can go back and listen again if the prof moved too quickly 
You have the opportunity to ask questions, and interact with other students (which makes it feel a lot more like college).
You can ask questions live and get an answer straight away
You can get answers to your questions in real time 
You can pause the lecture to take notes/do your own research while still taking part in the class
You can pause them and take notes and go back and rewatch them to understand the content better.
Ability to replay certain parts (I study maths so this is especially useful for proofs)
Because you can go at your own pace through the material
Interaction with the lecturers
Get to engage with the lecture and ask question on the spot rather than having to email later 
I can go back and rewind something I missed
You can complete the material in your own time. You can also rewatch recorded lectures, or go back over certain parts that you didn’t understand.  
More engaging and similar to an in person lecture 
I find it easier to learn and concentrate when hearing and seeing the lecture, but find it more relaxing when not live and able to work at my own pace 
It forces me to engage in a way that prerecorded lectures or lecture slides don’t 
Easier to stay focused
Easier to follow/access
I can stop and go over something 
It means that if I was busy or working at the time of the lecture I could watch it when it was convenient for me.
Ability to pause and allows for understanding and more detailed notes 
The ability to rewind and take in a lecture at my own pace. 
Makes it similar to in person lectures that I’m used to 
More engaging
You can ask questions while the lecture is ongoing.
Because it gives me a schedule
You can’t skip through the content, you have to sit there for whoeber long the class is
Must say it was close between live and recorded. Live so there is time accountability (I.e. the lecture starts at 3) and there is collaboration and ability to ask questions to keep engaged. Recorded allow you to do things at your own pace which can be nice when dealing with these difficult times but equally can become unmotivated and not watch them.
Can replay content
Because I can plan my own day at go at my own rhythm
More interactive 
It allows for more engagement between the instructor and students.
It was the same content we received in lectures in person but but by being recorded allowed us the flexibility to decide how to schedule our time. 
We didn’t have any live classes, only uploaded recording, but I think they would be most similar to in-person lectures in that you can ask questions in real time instead of having to email lecturers 
Can speed up the lecture if it's not particularly challenging and can go back over content if it's more difficult. It also let's you dk the lecture properly in one sitting rather than going through a live lecture half heartedly and having to look over it again after.
Can go through the material at my pace
Gives your day structure and you’re forced to stay engaged/concentrate 
Allows for stricter routine, more likely to actually watch them!!
I can take time to fully understand the topic and pause the video to take notes or process the information 
Recorded videos are a waste of time as lectures could’ve just uploaded their original notes, saves time when it’s just uploaded documents. 
Zoom or live teaching allows for real-time questions to be asked if I don’t understand something, whereas recorded lectures mean that I can’t ask the lecturer straight away and have to email afterwards
It was easy to manage in your own time and good for looking back on topics 
Covid has made many people's lives a bit chaotic and our home/work/study circumstances have changed as have our personal schedules. Therefore, I like being able to watch the lectures when I please so I'm not stuck if I miss them. I can then supplement this with the class notes we're given and our lecturers hold webinars occasionally to answer questions that way before exams/deadlines to help us. They are also very responsive to emails so I feel well supported 
Feels like actual college 
Broadband problems make live classes difficult to follow.
It allows us to pause and rewind , giving us a better chance/more time to understand the topic before before moving on . Prevents us from getting lost due to the lecturer moving too quickly. It's easier to watch and listen than to just read. It makes lockdown feel less lonely. 
Flexible which is handy for the current situation
More interactive. Better understanding of subject from actual discussion.
You can work in your own time as is convenient 
Interaction helps me learn
Discussion boards allow for time differences but also peer interaction. I liked recorded lectures but the lack of peers bothered me.
Can be completed at your own pace, in your own time. Can spend sunny days outside and do lectures in evening !
Keeps me engaged and accountable. Maintains some degree of social aspect of college.
More interactive and means that you stay on time and schedule. I found recorded lectures (uploaded PowerPoints with voice notes) allowed me to slack off which I hated and I never stuck to my college schedule 
Can watch everything in your own time. 
I can pause at any time and take notes
More interactive as professors can answer our questions live in real time. I found there is also more of an incentive to attend live lectures and I found it harder to get myself to watch pre-recorded lectures. Live lectures kept structure in my life.
Can take them at my own pace and at whatever time suits me best. 
You can go back over them if required! Also pause and start again, really beneficial.
You can pause and rewind easily and there is no pressure to answer questions compared to in a live class
You can watch at any time and come back to it when you’re doing essays
Having the ability to gain a better understanding of what we are learning as lecturer is there 
You can ask questions, ask for clarification etc and it’s more engaging than the other forms. You also have to tune in to it so it’s easier to motivate yourself
It makes you actually go to them and try and engage better, when they are recorded I had a tendency to just read the materials and not listen
You can watch it on your own time. You can pause the lecture to take notes 
It allows the students to give feedback and ask questions in order to clarify understanding
Less awkward forced online interaction
Close to in-person 
It’s much easier to understand when it’s an actual person explaining it not just me reading it off slides, but like when it’s recorded so I can watch it at a time that sits me/ pause it to take notes etc
Easiest to follow as you can work through it at your own pace
More human and real and makes it feel like how it did in college
A lot more engaging
I think live classes have a better level of engagement than the other options, though ideally I think they should be recorded and uploaded for later reference. I think if the classes aren’t live then it is difficult to be self-disciplined and pace work which leads to rapid accumulation of stress towards the end when assessments approach. I also think live classes feel most worthwhile, as when work is entirely pre-recorded or just uploaded online then psychologically it is a major challenge to work through and you feel alone in your efforts, whereas with live classes you feel more in contact with classmates/professors.
It is more flexible as I also work part time / have other hobbies
More engaging, less likely to zone out and not take in content
It is most engaging and similar to being in a lecture theatre. It is actually almost better than physical classes as we get the same experience but from our homes.
Because I can work on it whenever I have time/I want
More interactive that other types
Live calls encourages more engagement with the content. 
Less technical glitches and as students mostly get talked at rather than interact with their professor in my uni, I think the recorded lectures are super handy to pause and write notes at my own pace!
It is the most similar to actually being on campus, as you have a sense of having proper contact with the lecturer and it holds you accountable for attending the class and engaging with the content
I can ask questions in the moment 
Can work at own pace
Provides a better understanding of a topic when verbally described.
Explained in more detail and can be accessed anytime
It is interactive and requires focused thinking
Get better contact with the lecturer. Keeps you motivated to attend and keep up with work
Better explained 
I find live video classes overwhelming, and would rather be able to engage with live presentation / lecturing at my own pace / without the pressure of video chat. 
As an essential worker, recorded lectures meant I wasnt missing out and could schedule learning around my work hours 
It takes twice as long to cover lecture material yourself from just uploaded slides and notes. A live lecture would also help to maintain day-to-day structure. 
You can watch it anytime and also rewatch it. You can also pause it so if they are going too fast to take it down in your copy you have time. Also if you zoned out for a few seconds you can rewind it.
Live classes still feel somewhat like in person lectures
Can study at any time
It’s the most interactive and feels as close to being in actual lectures as possible.
It's a more engaging way of learning and can be completed at a time that's convenient when compared to uploaded materials.
Difficult things in lecture notes usually explained
Easier to understand stuff that is explained via video rather than just PowerPoint slides uploaded without them being talked through 
Able to watch back and take notes 
Most effective for learning
I go to art school so my work is about 90% practical. We stopped all practical elements of our course as it’s just not possible to teach this online as we don’t have access to materials and studios/workshops. Our only non practical module is design history which we were emailed. I really liked this as I have poor internet access so it meant I can access it whenever and take as long as I need viewing it. We had some zoom lectures but my connection was too poor so it kept freezing among other issue which made it harder.
Would rather listen than just read myself 
New material is much more understandable when it is being taught, rather than reading it solely from the book \n
Can suit different time schedules and requirements, some students have had to take on extra roles in their home or work extra hours as essential workers. There’s timetable may not be suitable anymore
I like being able to follow along in my own time, fast forward and rewind as I please. I feel that it gives me a deeper understanding of the content because I can keep replaying parts I find hardest, and skip forward for the easier bits.
Allows you to work in your own time.
Information is easily accessed in one place and can be perused as often as you need it
Because I won't be able to procrastinate- I have this hour dedicated to this lecture 
I get to engage with the instructors and my class mate. 
open a discussion after reading the material for the lecture makes you ask better efficient question at the lecture than when its a live lecture
Because it's engaging but I can keep it at my own pace
My internet connection isn't the best, so despite the fact that I love interacting with my professors and ask questions, it's easier to have a recorded lesson that I can go back to and have notes. Luckily they all record their live sessions for us to keep!
Structure and interaction 
I can stop the video to take notes more easily
Because I am able to ask questions while the professor is explaining and also it gives me some kind of routine and I can be more productive, also they record the lessons as hey do them live so I can listen to them again and even listen to the answers to the questions
It was more or less like being in class.
It allows for interaction (e.g. We can ask questions in the chat) 
It offers dynamic lessons and establishes a routine, which for me is beneficial during quarantine.
Because I can interact with my professors, ask questions, express my opinions, etc.. Moreover, as a language student having an exchange with the teacher is essential 
Interaction with other students and the professor and i am more motivated to “show up” to class because attendance is compulsory
I can organise everything as I wish and study whenever I want during the day.
I like the possibility to directly interact with the professor and other students
It's the closest one to the real thing, with some added benefits, like rewatching the lecture afterwards 
It allows me to organize my work on my own pace and go back to re-listen if needed
Gives me time to pause, take good notes and check the book
I think is the closest substitute to physical lectures
We can review lessons at any time
Because teachers try to be more concise while recording
It is the only mode I experienced
I can stop when I want the recording if I didn't understood something, and that helps me to end the lession with a complete and deep understanding of what I've listened to 
Because it makes it easier to organise myself and stay motivated to study
The material is more understandable when given in an interactive style even if it is not a direct discussion and also you can take your time and understand everything in more depth without having things already planned. 
I like it better because it's very similar to in-class lectures 
Because I can go back if I don’t understand something or replay it a lot of times, I feel less anxious and find that this method works better than live classes for some subjects
Because you can listen to the lessons in the moment that you prefer
Because you can chat and say your opinion as when you were in class
I can ask questions to the teacher and interact during lessons
As a working student it gives me the opportunity to study in different sessions + you can go back or skip a part of the video if you need it. 
I prefer working on something recorded as you can stop it, rewind it and take notes whenever you want
Because you can ask directly Questions if you don’t understand something. Also, it keeps you accountable 
To be fair, it is the only method we have used (we have had a couple uploaded Powerpoint files with voiceover for the practical part of one of my courses, but that only lasted for about a month while they were figuring out how to make those lessons live as well). Our live lessons are also recorded, though, so they're available to watch if need be
Because I can interact with the professor 
I can organize my studying way better when i’m not following strict schedules dictated by lectures 
I have the possibility to engage with my professor if I need to, and to maybe have an actual conversation
More contact \n
It is the most similar to the frontal teaching method, and it also makes it easier to ask for clarifications.
Direct and immediate contact with the teacher 
Because live meetings rely on having a stable connection (which shouldn't be taken for granted) and are also extremely inefficient compared to prerecorded lessons. I haven't properly tried any other method though!
It was the only mode
I can organize my days and watch the lectures when I feel most productive. 
Because it’s more engaging and sets a routine in the dag 
It's the only one I've tried
I think it is the best solution especially for people with weak wifi 
There are no problema with the connection once that you downloaded the lesson  
It's the easiest
So i can watch them when i have time 
You can listen to them whenever you want 
Interaction is possible
Because I can re-listen the lecture
I can re-watch as many times as I need
Beacuse it allows me to take my time to follow the class thoroughly, without the pressure of missing out on crucial information 
It is easily accessible at any time and it you didn't understand the first time you can relisten the lectures again
if feels like a normal class and I can’t get distracted 
I can listen to the lecture anytime I want to and I can review it more than one time if I didn’t catch some information
because participating in the lesson helps me remember more content after
I can stop and start If I Miss anything 
Because I can watch them when I want so that i can organize my time better. 
I have the possibility to consult the material everytime I need it
Because in case you've missed something or need to hear the explanation again you can always go back and watch the part of the video where the professor is explaining that particular thing. It's also super helpful with the videos where teachers solve exercises.
You have time to study one subject and then talk about that with the professor 
I can easily focus on the lesson if we use live classes and I can’t get distracted
So I can take my time and organize my work
There is more interaction and it is possible to ask questions/participate
Because I can attend the class whenever I want!
It is more time manageable and it gives the opportunity to go back to topics in the lecture that I did not understand 
Because in this way I am more flexible and able to go back to the lecture later on if need be.
More interaction
It’s most like a in person class
Possibility to make question, the professor is able to adjust the lecture to the students who are listening. Recorded lectures have the pause botton, however they tend to be more condensed, a little to much and it's harder to keep up with them.
I can actually learn better and at my own peace, rewinding if I need to understand something better
Because I can actively take part to the class, feel useful and inspired to immediately transform the taught material to some knowledge 
Because it is the one which most resembles a real class
I can work at my own pace
Because it gives me more freedom 
Honestly, I like recorded lectures too, it compact and organize the contents nicely but, on Live classes, we can ask questions to teaches immediately and share ideas in chat room and I don't have to be feel like alone 
It feels like i’m taking lecture in class.\nEasy to ask questions,\neasy to discuss with other students.
I can watch and learn at my own pace
I can watch it whenever, pause and take notes and bring up the playback speed. 
At least I have some interactions with my group mates and professors
Access anytime which is not possible with live classes. Most of my materials included recorded lectures or videos on topic and sometimes honestly someone on the internet teaches a concept better than your professor could do
The lecturer can explain further on questions
Any questions about the session can be answered immediately
Feels like I'm in actual class
It’s as interactive as face to face can be 
Being able to pause and work at your own pace
I can save time. I can do more habit activities.
 i would like for the proffesors to record their lectures but also teach them live. I often get distracted or am too caught up trying to write notes that i get lost sometimes and it's nice to have that freedom to be able to rewatch them again.
I feel like i can ask more questions and gain more understanding with a lot more examples
because one can freely choose when to do the assignment 
-
It is the closest we can get to in class teaching. Moreover, students can ask their questions on spot and teachers may elaborate as much as needed so that every student understand the material
I can access at anytime, and because sometimes I don't have a stable internet connection
More interaction and it kind of motivates me to study
It is easy to keep up with the course because classes are scheduled. It also gives (even though very limited) a sense of community, since the coursemates are listening to the same lecture too.
Easier to communicate, can ask lecturers questions at any moment, informative
It is the closest you can get to real classes at this time, if question arises, you can just ask your professor (no need to email them), also, it just feels good to know all of your friends are in the same lecture at the same time as you - almost feels as if you are meeting them.
Because it’s more flexible for me to study and I also can go back and rewatch it if I didn’t get something.
More interaction, availability to ask questions on the spot
I can watch and pause it at any given time, very convenient because I can manage my daily schedule myself\n
Live chats make it easier for me to ask questions as we’re moving along
There is no lag, able to study at my own speed
i prefer recorded lectures as im able to replay whatever it is and we were given time to really understand it plus gain some ideas and questions to share with other during another class.
I can refer back to the video and will not miss anything else 
I would actually prefer a combination of Live Classes and uploaded/emailed materials because I feel like I get the most out of live classes when we engage in questions together and uploaded materials would be useful to refer and do self-revision on
I can study at my own time and convenience. 
Because you can do it in your own time and can skip the boring bits 
Because i can learn the materials whenever i want and depends on my wifi connection
During live classes it’s very chaotic and noisy because some people have loud background noises so chats and forums I think are a better way to ask question and clarify doubts because when you write what your thinking you pay more attention to making sure that the way your phrase sentences makes sense. Also even if WiFi connection is slow  at least you’ll still be able to send messages which will eventually reach than having to wait for a persons screen to unfreeze. 
I can listen to them whenever i want and because live sessions required huge internet data
Can actually clear the doubts more effectively
Recorded lectures
It gives students the chance to interact during the lectures.
It provides a sense of structure to my day since it’s at a set time, and brings back a bit of the social aspect of education. 
Easier to take notes and I can view the lecture at whatever time I please 
It’s the most interactive method with the opportunity to ask any questions there and then. Plus you need to make an effort to remain focused
It stops me from procrastinating to watch the recorded ones
It is easier to schedule your day based on your preferences. Recorded lessons can be slowed down or speed up depending on the lecturer’s voice and pace. It allows me to focus better and break the material more efficiently. 
Recorded lectures are super static and completely disregards interactivity. Also if you have a question on a specific point you’d have to email your lecturer who never answers. It’s just generally problematic 
I may follow the lecture whenever I want to
Idk
It's an easy two-way communication method and feedback is instantly available. :) 
I believe being able to see my classmates and teachers, helps me pay attention the same way as if I were in a classroom.
Because it makes me assist when I am supposed to. I think it would be harder to do recorded classes since I’ve never been under this mode.
Because it allows me to participate and feel like I’m actually in a class rather than just reading and doing work. 
I get to ask questions to the Teachers
I feel it can be more accessible (as with internet connection, it is neccesary but not as much as in live classes) and it also gives more space for the students to revise the materials in their own way, it is more flexible and less heavy than sitting two hours listening to a person
It's not that different from a regular class
Because if I didn't understand something I can always return back the lecture
Honestly classes in person. I dont like at all online learning. And its not because i cant learn, is beacuse i am spending my parents life time savings in an education that is supposed to be in person. If i wanted to learn online i would just watch yt videos, which are way better than my professors’ videos.
For the accessibility to ask questions in the moment and clarify doubts from the past lectures 
Because zoom clasdes are more similar to what I was used to 
Allows me to ask questions
Recorded lectures 
Because the one class that had this method was much more effective, it made it less tedious and gave me my own time to work 
I get to interact a lot more with the professors 
I prefer to read 
It allows me to ask questions about the topic and the professor can actually detect if we are not understanding and repeat the explanation
You can interact with teachers and other students, ask doubts easier and it feels more like normal classes 
Because I can schedule my work time the way I wanted 
Recorded lectures/videos
Because I can interact with the professor just like in class
Because I am able to check it over and over when I miss a detail in the lecture
Because i can come back to the course whenever i need to unlike live session that are some times too early or last for a very long time
I prefer the combination of recorded lectures and discussions forums because the first make understand the task and the second make you soak into the task and tackle your creativity and  your ideas about it .
It's easier to ask questions directly to the professor 
It allows me to have direct contact with the professor 
So I have the platform to chat with my professors,  asked questions and also learn from others questions,  plus to feel that we are all in it together. 
More engaging than uploaded materials with the ability to access the lesson/content at one's convenience.
Easier to access the materials.
Because i think, It is most disciplined way of online class as we cannot postpone it and end up never taking classes.
Forces me to actively participate!
Allows for discussion and new information
Because I can reward it and relisten to the points I did not understand and I can take notes easily. 
It resembles "normal classes" the most and you can instantly ask questions instead of having to wait for an email.
you get live interaction with other people
Actually Im working on my thesis, so I work on a project on my own. This is veryyy hard, since I really need social contacts to get motivated. Therefore, my weekly meeting with my supervisor by Skype is really helpful
To engage with other people 
You have a live conversation with someone. 
Because you can have interaction with the other students
The classes are often not prepared very well and almost always followed up with an email with more clear information 
I like how it forces you to keep on track and stay active. It keeps the community as alive as it can be when you aren’t physically together and it gives you the opportunity for quick responses from your teachers
ability to ask questions
We have primarily discussion-based education so it’s the easiest way to participate and have actual discussions with your tutorial group
You can ask questions and get answers properly explained in person
While we are social distancing, this provides more contact with others.
Instant answers and help
The interactive nature of offline classes is best recreated with live video classes. 
It gives more chance for interaction during lectures and tutorials, which helps in understanding.
Because you can do it at your on pace, and when the lectures are recorded in a good quality, it is like watching an interesting youtube video or listening to a podcast!
Easier interaction with the teacher and other students.
Most productive
Because it’s the most interactive way of teaching online
It's highly similar to the live education I receive at university  
Because you can engage with the teacher
You can ask your questions just the way you could in normal classes.
You can watch them at anytime 
Interactive. Forces me to attend
Recorded discussion
Because during live lessons you can directly communicate with the teacher
Because you can still interact with your professors and fellow students
With live classes there is more possibility for interaction between the student and the teacher, and it makes it easier to ask / explain questions. 
It gives me structure and interaction (I live on my own and need to get myself productive and social) 
This way, we can ask questions DURING the class instead of emailing the professor for example
I tend to participate more and follow them at the set time
You have to be engaged in the discussion
This gives me the opportunity to pause at any given moment, so I can calmly write down notes and find examples to add to my notes
More interaction, it is most like normal classes
Because it’s the most interactive.
I prefer the interaction and the possibility for discussion and questions in live classes
More structure
Something is happening live, so you are required to attend it at that time
Because it is easy to ask questions straightaway and it is more similar to in-person lectures. Therefore it is more familiar and easier to make notes as I'm  used to do.
It gives the best opportunity for discussion about the subjects
Our live seminars aren’t recorded, but recorded lectures you can always re-watch if you want to go over something again or rewind if you didn’t understand. (Or pause when the lecturer talks too fast and you are making notes).
Easiest
Because I still get the feeling that I am engaged with my study
It encourages interaction, which is something that is extremely lacking in these times
It helps me to engage in depth with the material, which makes recalling it easier for me. 
It feels more real
Because it allows you to interact with the teacher
I don’t really have experience with the other modes. I am more motivated by live classes because they ‘force’ you to pay attention and react to your teachers and other students in the chat.
You can have interaction with fellow students and help each other
Having to show up, be present and the possibility to get called on holds me accountable more than any other mode of online teaching. 
It is the most efficient way.
Easy too ask questions and also explain your question further when it is misunderstood
To be able to discuss doubts
Because live classes come closest to real lectures.
It has the most interaction which gives me more motivation 
It is the one that resembles the traditional type of learning the most, it feels more engaging and it helps me have a structure to my day as they are scheduled at fixed hours.
I do not like the pressure of zoom seminars.
More interactive, easier to keep paying attention
Because it is live and you can ask questions.
It's a verry interactive way of learning, since I study on an art academy one of the best things is hearing feedback from classmates and teachers and to be able to discuss things when u are stuck. Also makes it feel like you're together a little bit. 
I need interaction in order to stay motivated
Can ask questions and engage with the professor in current time 
Because of the interaction
It feels more like a real lecture compared to the other options.
I can schedule my own time and decide for myself when I'm going to do my schoolwork, even though my classes are very little I still would like that extra freedom and it would also teach me the act of self discipline 
I like having real interactions and discussions
More engagement and better able to answer questions
I study history and a big part of 'normal' classes is the discussion of our literature with classmates and the professors. This is somewhat possible in live classes 
Live classes gives the students the opportunity to ask questions and request additional explanation when needed. Although I think that a mix between live classes and recorded lectures works as well.
It gives my days structure: if there is class at 9am I have to be up at 9am to join and cannot sleep in.
Because it makes you engage and feels the most normal 
Because you Can ask questions and communicatie with classmates 
Due to time differences between the students in my classes, I find that many people are inactive during live lectures/seminars. I have found a combination of the two the most affective: a recorded lecture when possible and a short live discussion.
Because I feel like I can engage the most with people + it's not as invisible, so I 'have' to do my work
Keeps my attention, and gives a feel of social contact and interaction to an extent 
Because I can study at the time that I want to study
I think this is most similar to the physical classes: you feel quite engaged (depends on teacher and course), you can immediately get answers to your questions, you can join discussions and learn from what other people are saying/ asking.
This would be my preferred mode in combination with emailed materials because this is the best way to discuss 
This makes it feel at least a bit more real life education. The recorded lectures feel like I'm giving (/teaching) myself education, while with the real life lectures this all self approach is less present.
You can learn the subject at your own tempo.
Room for asking questions as well as discussion. It's also nice that you get to interact with your classmates.
I can follow the lecture at my own pace
Easy to discuss the learnings subjects
I can watch the lectures at a time that is best for me 
It provides structure and the opportunity to ask questions directly. Plus I still have some interaction with my peers
Most interactive and personal
Its the only one i've experienced.
More live contact
I'm able to participate more, and see the other students in my year: that way I'm at least a bit social, and I'm able to learn better
It’s good to be able to see and hear professors & students live, it gives a sense of normality and keeps me somewhat engaged and motivated!
You're able to ask questions and you still have some interaction with you're classmates
Because I can use them as a personal tool
I like the Problem Based Learning (PBL) approach of my university that is very focused on engaging students in discussions. I think tutorials in small groups make you more proactive towards your learning process. We now have recoded lectures which I liked more than “real-in-person” ones, as I can pause them and adjust the speed. Nevertheless they are more just a extension of the readings for the tutorials
It allows for some interaction between lecturer and students, though it is considerably less than in real life.
You can do the work when YOU want to.
Because we can ask our questions and don't have to wait for days to get a response. It also feels more personal which is why I take it more seriously 
I study better when participating and not just listening 
I can watch it in my own pace. 
It allows me to ask questions
because in a lot of my lessons you just talk about various subjects in your personal life, or you have to pitch/present something to the rest of the class
Allows me to do things at my own pace 
It allows for active engagement and more of a natural classroom setting in which you also have set class times (any recorded lectures I have had on the other hand, have been heavily procrastinated on)
I would love having good live classes in which not only questions are answered, but the learning material is also discussed. I prefer recorded lectures because they are straight to the point and explain material in a short, effective way. Only downside is that you can't easily ask questions. 
It's the most similar to normal classes, and you can ask questions and get Answers immediately! 
When it is live I can directly ask questions and Live classes bring structure in my day
I like the face-to-face contact, and I know I wouldn’t watch the lectures if my presence wouldn’t be monitored
It's the only one where I have a sense of instant connection with my tutor and peers
It most resembles a class in person.
You then still have the ‘live interaction’ part, and you can still ask your question sort of face-to-face.
it is more engaging and fits my study more 
I can speed up or slow down the video and I feel it’s more efficient and easier
You can watch it at the time you feel most productive and awake. 
Because I’m uncomfortable with online meetings 
More opportunity to engage
I like the interaction, sometimes we are put into smaller groups which makes it feel more personal and you can catch up with people you don‘t talk to except for in class
It keeps me engaged and accountable more than the other modes, if it were all self-guided learning I would struggle to stay on track. 
I am currently writing my thesis, so it's nice to be in a call and get immediate feedback and help.
Because lots of information can be discussed from many different perspective and Angeles (some of which have never crossed my mind). In addition, I get to ask questions :) 
More interactive 
Makes sure I'm there at that specific time to maintain a healthy rythm to my day
feeling of everyone sitting there at the same time together & feeling of accountability & structure to the days 
Like I mentioned I’m taking a bachelor in dance so it’s a lot of practical work I prefer when we can do some online contemporary or ballet classes
Like I mentioned I’m taking a bachelor in dance so it’s a lot of practical work I prefer when we can do some online contemporary or ballet classes
It gives me the chance to plan my own study time. 
You get to plan your own schedule this way
Because I’m directly able to ask questions and because it feels a bit more personal.
I'm able to be more productive when I can just read the assignment. The classes take a long time, looking at the information being told (I get it after 10 minutes)
It makes learning active ans engaging
Watching recorded lectures and then having a live discussion is much more efficient than having the full lecture live
From a social aspect it feels more "face-to-face" and from an academic aspect it definitely helps to stay motivated and focused. 
Because you still get some interaction with the professor, as you would if the classes were “physical”.
Because it enables you to discuss topics for a deeper understanding of the course material, and holds you accountable for doing the work uni requires you to do
you can ask questions during/after 
It gives the opportunity to respond and it makes that the professor speaks in a more human way instead of really quickly and robotically robotically in their pre-recorded lectures. I also get to see my classmates and friends and hear them speak, which has been a really long time.
Because it gives me the chance to do assignments and and listen to classes when I feel motivated 
You feel like you are still somewhat in a class, and you maintain a rough routine because you still have scheduled times for classes you have to attend.
I can rewatch
I can rewind the lesson if I missed something or watch it whenever I want
You can easy ask questions to your teacher. And just see the other students and it feels like your in the class but just online. Most important you get explanations of the subject.
Discussion is still possible in our online classes, which makes it feel more ‘normal’
It’s good to be able to interact with teachers and students during class. 
I study literature, which is largely discussion based so it is the easiest if you can just raise your hand and speak.
Because in my university we use something called PBL and during tutorial the discussion is mainly entertained by the students. Meeting on online platforms live makes it feel more like we are still in a room together and it’s easy to still enjoy debates. 
You can directly ask questions and get answers instead of waiting for a response every time.
With live classes there is still some form of interaction between students and with the teacher. There is time to catch up a little before class and it gives me a fixed schedule, a time when I need to be somewhere. 
I can watch them whenever I feel most productive 
This means I can go through the material in my own pace. 
Because it's forcing me to remain focused as I could be asked questions and I get to see/ hear other students participate
Because you can interact with your teacher and students
because you have an interaction with your classmates and your teacher
It’s the most engaging
Live classes or the most "real" compared to actually going to school.
You can ask questions and get answers immediately and also you can talk a bit with your classmates and teachers
It allows for processing the reading materials through discussion, as I prefer to do, and I am less likely to start running behind (as is the case with the pre-recorded lectures right now...)
Because it allows me to learn at my own pace and I find online lectures very hard to follow 
Because it makes it easier to understand the topics
Communication is easier 
Straight to the point content even though I like discussions on video calls (microsoft teams).
We use virtual classroom in which you can directly ask your questions and teachers can add polls to keep you active
Because the classes have no extra value online so it is best to just upload the material and in case of questions email
It resembles the real life lessons the most and gives you a routine since these classes are at certain time, where as lectures you can watch at any time and therefore might end up never watching them
You can interact with the teacher and students
Students remain active as the live classes allow discussion and the professors motivate the students.
Because that's the one I feel most engaged in and I find it easiest to stay focused in comparison with the other modes
It keeps the interaction going.
It is easy to just not watch reacorded lectures, with live class it feels the most ‘normal’
It’s easier to contain information this way and also I can immediately ask questions if I have any
The social contact still remains, even though it’s reduced
Because when something is unclear I can still ask for clarification 
You can ask questions 
Because you can ask you're questions directly to your teacher
It more closely resembles regular classes
 Because you can pause it and take notes. Online live zoom sessions are going a little too fast in my opinion and therefore I have to rewatch it which costs a lot of time. Zoom sessions are convenient for questions but I probably won’t ask questions because I’m still trying to figure out what has been said rather than thinking about the subjects.  
Since everything is clearly mentioned and explained.
This allows for interaction
Easier to follow
Because there is a lot of interaction
Because it’s interactive 
If everyone has read everything it works as well as normal classes and we are practicing problem-based-learning at my Uni so that the classes are the most interesting part all the time
People are free to respond in their own time, and it allows arguments to be constructed in a concise manner
Questions can be answered immediately. It is more interactive 
Gives the posiibility of interaction
It is more engaging and it feels like  it takes less time than watching recorded lectures.
Because it allows you to allocate your own time
Because this way I can do schoolwork whenever I want to and can plan my time however I wish.
Allows me to create my own schedule 
I actually have a combination of live and recorded lectures and I prefer this combination because it really helps me that I can ask questions during the live lectures about the recorded ones
You have to site There at a specific time
Because it allows asking questions as well as being forced to fit it in your schedule, so you actually attend
Can do it whenever I want 
Because you can plan yourself when you want to follow the classes. But we also have workgroups in which we discuss the material more thorough! 
It’s more interactive so I get more out of it
I find it quite hard to pay attention to (live)recorded lectures. If it's a video I am able to watch it in several parts if necessary.
I can watch at my own pace and at the time it suits me
It’s interactive and you have to actively participate
More personal and you can ask questions right away.
Allows for live interaction with and feedback 
It limits my freedom to choose whenever I want to do something and therefor keeps my procrastination in check
It gives you the opportunity to ask questions live.
You can watch it at your own tempo at the time you want it.
It’s a lot more organized in comparison to zoom meetings. I also like that you can pause it and rewind it if necessary
It's the closest to what we usually have and is tied with uploaded materials 
I feel obligated to pause or replay certain parts with recorded lectures if I missed something or something went to quickly for me to write it all down, which makes listening to them so much longer than a live lecture. And since you can pause you tend to lose focus quicker as “you can pause anytime anyway so it doesn’t matter”. I feel I would focus better during a live lecture as then it is the only time I can actually hear the info being explained to me and it takes a set amount of time so I know exactly what to expect on how much time it is going to take. 
You truly can do it in your own speed or time. When you‘re at home all the time it‘s nice to be able to pick your own speed and schedule.
This way it is easier to interact and ask questions
It promotes engagement and socializing, actually getting out brains to work and analyse the information and not just try to absorb it
You can do the work on your own time.
More motivation/pressure to actively participate
Because it is more interactive 
Live classes would be a lot more productive and motivate me to do more with the material, like real life lectures usually do
The discussion is much more interesting than the lectures
More interaction with other students and teachers + more social connection
Recorded lectures allow more flexibility. They can be paused, re-winded. Zoom is closer to a classroom experience but just feels unnatural and has similar disadvantages to real life teaching (such as not being able to look back on it if it’s not recorded etc). 
At least some ‘face-to-face’ contact and you can ask questions, respond to other students. It is not as ‘static’, it is the most collaborative alternative of at-uni education. 
This method gives me the feeling that I can get the most information that I would usually get with physicial classes.
I can ask questions and I feel more like in a real class 
I can watch it at my own pace
Learn at my own speed
I miss the social environment school provided and with live classes, I feel closer to that!
More contact, you feel less distanced
feels more normal
It is possible to ask your lecturer or tutor for questions, more interactive than pre recorded lectures. 
Because you can pause or rewind the video and watch it when you want to.
Couldn't answer more than one but recorded lectures and live classes are equal for me at the moment and I think it makes for perfect balance. Lectures are nice recorded to do at my own pace but it is nice to also have interactive classes to talk about the course material
IF IT WORKS, it's interactive and forces you to think and do things, as opposed to just watching lectures like they're Netflix.
More opportunity for engagement 
Because I can plan this in on my own moments and in our case, it were lectures from previous years so basically the questions that I have, are asked in the lecture so the instructor does go over them. Also, I can pause and replay a part that I don't understand at the first time
Recorded lectures 
I prefer active and interactive learning instead of just watching videos
Can ask questions and is a bit more active learning. Also nice to see other people.
because that way i van replay bits that i Find difficult 
It keeps me engaged
You can pause at any time you want and also watch it back later
I want to be able to directly ask questions to tge tutor/professor
Because it’s the most interactive mode
I am good at learning by myself at my own pace (so without e.g. having to pause the recorded lecture video to take a break or live classes)
This seems to work the best, and it’s also convenient that you can easily rewatch later on
More interaction
We actually have both. So we need to listen to recorded lectures before our live meetings. So if you didn’t understand something that was said in de recorded lecture, you can ask it during the live meeting. I really do like that combination.
You get to study in your own time, when it suits you and you get the time to process all the information handed to you.
I prefer being able to watch recorded lectures and then join dicussions wil already formed knowledge as I can ask questions about a topic I already have an insight into.
You can pause it whenever you want. So you can study at your own pace
Because I can pause and rewind and take my time to really process the information
I prefer live lessons because you have to follow your class at a specific time. When I have to watch prerecorded lectures it sometimes take me a couple hours to watch a 1,5h lecture which isn’t very efficient.
It's more engaging, I often zone out in my lectures
When you listen to prerecorded video it tends to take more time because I tend to be perfectionistic
Gives me the freedom I need to work with the content at my own pace.
Things being live gives it a bit of interactivity (+ the fact that you're obligated to participate in that activity at a given time makes sure you don't procrastinate)
Able to ask questions right away + more structured week. With recorded lectures i tend to procrastinate and watch them all at the last minute. This wouldn't be possible with live classes.
Possible interactivity 
It provides the ability to ask questions and it also makes me get up in the morning!! With pre-recorded lectures I can watch them whenever and it’s so much easier to procrastinate doing so.
More engaging 
I can see it in my own time
This way we could have more interaction with the professor and other students. I miss  discussing different topics.
Actually attending lectures and tutorials in real life
I like that I can watch the lectures in my own time.
because when I am just watching or reading passively I feel like I just want to get the studying over with which is not a purpose of university. When I am at a live lecture I engage actively and I feel excited about learning 
Zoom gives me anxiety!
I can watch them whenever I want and I can take breaks whenever I want.
It has more interaction. It makes me feel like I’m actually attending uni.
Easy and you can plan your study time
In live classes you can ask questions if you don't understand something.
It allows for more interaction
I can decide when i do this
This helps me to take my own time to follow a lecture, as when I do not understand something I can easily go back and take more time to understand it. It allows me to follow classes at my own pace.\n
You are vale to stop the recording or play it back 
I find it easier to stay concentrated, and I can pause and play back the video when I don’t understand something.
Because of the interaction with the professors
It provides at least some way of interactive teaching and learning.
I prefer recorded lectures bc you're able to adjust the speed. I prefer live workgroups bc you're able to ask questions and discuss the literature 
More regularity in my schedule
I can decide myself when i watch the recordings, this way i can schedule my own time. 
Being able to watch the lectures on your own schedule, and being able to pauze, adjust the  speed, and going back to something you didn’t understand quite well is really working out great for me 
Recorded lectures gives the least amount of technical difficulties for students and it gives you the time and space to learn at your own speed.
Personal contact
Because then you can get the needed information and also ask questions if you don’t understand
The material sticks more that way, and live teaching allows for on the spot questions
More interaction 
It adds a lot of structure to your days
So I can pause it and take good notes
You have to do your work at a certain time and cannot procrastinate it because it is live. 
You know more what's important 
I can’t always attend live lectures at the time they happen, so having them be recorded makes managing my time easier.
It gives me time to follow the lecturers at my own pace. I don’t feel as pressured to follow when I am not having a good day.
It is more interesting with less technical difficulties
No pressure for timing, you learn in your own time 
It gives the ability to easy interact, and ask questions. And is helping with staying motivated
It gives the most concrete information. + the quality is the best.
More motivation
Makes it easier to do things on your own time.
More room for discussion, sharing thoughts
Because I like the flexibility of watching recorded lectures and the rest I could do on my own
I prefer live classes because they are the most interactive, you can ask questions directly and it’s most like the physical classes. However, my school doesn’t provide that many online classes and most of the education I get is by having deadlines every two days for certain classes
Because it isn’t just you sitting there figuring everything out, instead you’re bouncing ideas of one another.
Because the interaction makes you more engaged in the course and gives you motivation to put the effort in.
When I am uncertain about an assignment I can ask my teacher right away. When the documents are uploaded to a platform, I have to contact them with an Email first. This will take longer than directly asking my teacher in the actual class. 
Because we get to interact and apply the material more actively 
I have an obligation and a time to be there - I can’t just put if off
Because you can actually engage with your lecturer (to a certain point). 
I’m more engaged if it’s live 
It is more like learning in person. I think you learn more when there are other people to bounce ideas off. It’s also more motivating when it’s a live class you know you have to attend. 
Feels the most like an in person lecture 
Because it allows the most human interaction
I can watch the lectures whenever 
More like an actual class environment. Can ask questions have group discussions in real time 
My degree is project oriented, meaning we need a lot of feedback on our work to progress. Live classes allow us to get direct feedback from our tutors/lecturers/classmates and allows us to see how classmates are progressing, which often inspires our own work 
In the moment. Asking questions love. 
Active engagement in the class, able to give live feedback and ask questions to lecturers/tutors and other students 
I can watch in my own time.  Always forget about zoom meetings 
It's essentially like going to a live lecture, so it still enables us as students to ask questions as they come up. It think it is the most engaging form of online learning that they could provide us with.
I feel like watching recording lectures is really passive. I don’t know if I’m actually learning anything and it’s a big change from how we where taught in person because we used Socratic and now we are just being talked at and the lecturers can’t see if they are going too fast or we don’t understand. Zoom sessions at least have an interactive element and we can ask questions etc. it also feels more like a community when you can see the people in your classes faces 
Can do it in my own time 
Asking questions
Interaction is more beneficial and engaging
I engage more and can’t ask questions and am less likely to not focus because I know I can’t go back
Gives me an accountability mechanism to actually do the work set 
Because I can pause it when needed
I like having the scheduled tim to work. Easier to pay attention to. The live zooms are recorded so you can listened to them at a different time if you need to or if you want to go back an reference something. No one really asks questions in question but it’s nice to maintain the option online. We haven’t been able to incorporate the normal group discussion but zoom would allow for that 
I can watch the at my own schedule and pace, however I like them to be supported by live online zoom tutorials so we can ask questions and get feedback.
Because my courses are generally taught through discussion so without that it’s hard to gauge what is actually necessary, + long recordings are hard to stay engaged with 
Forces me to engage in the content 
Easy to ask a question then and there 
Easy to stop and record the video if you like and can watch in own time 
Easy to follow. Can do at whatever time. Able to speed up recordings. 
With recorded lectures, I am able to follow them at my own pace and watch them when I have time.
As close to being in person as you can
I don't like watching videos because I feel like I have to rewatch parts because I miss something and I'm easily distracted. I'd rather be able to read and highlight information and be instructed this way.
It feels at least a little bit like normal uni because we can ask questions. 
Live classes are more engaging and you are able to ask questions more easily 
Because then you are able to ask questions during the class with a quick response and able to discuss to completely understand the topic 
Most similar to normal uni
I can watch recorded lectures in my own time and rewatch them if necessary.
I can pause and replay things I dont understand and do it according to my schedule
Recorded lectures are much better for understanding, I can adjust speed, and rewatch. but activities should be implemented, like little quizzes
While most of my lectures are pre recorded from other years, there are a few which are being recorded through zoom(?) and they’re addressed straight to us with questions relating to the material popping up at certain times. \nAs a first year Biomed student have questions which we can answer for subjects such as chem and physics really helps with understanding.
Recorded lectures + we also have discussion forums as well which are amazing because our instructors can answer any questions we have about the course material + assignment questions which is really handy as all my immunology labs are now online.
I really like the fact that as it’s live it’s a much more engaging atmosphere, and as someone who’s not afraid to ask questions I can interject and ask for clarification or further explanation while others can also join in and you just get bonus knowledge out of it which is great !  
It’s easier to interact with both peers and teachers! and easier to pay attention!!
Allows me to watch/learn at my own pace
I can pause if I get distracted, and make sure  I go back a bit if I get lost
Can do it at my own pace!
Can do at any time anywhere 
It can be done in your own time, and can be paused/sped up/slowed down if needed.\nIn comparisons live classes are tiring and it can take a long time to get point across if it requires participation (be it because of lag, or because people dont want to participate) personally, I've found it a lot harder to actually participate because it feels like you're not really talking to anyone, but everyone can hear you.
I can watch the content in my own time - lots of flexibility 
Zoom classes are stressful and I always forget that they’re happening until it’s too late
Because it allows me to see the lecturers face to face as I would be seeing them in real life. Having a face talking is much more engaging than having a recorded voice. \nIt also allows me to be less distracted because I have a lecturer talking and I am not just listening to some recording.
So flexible to my timetable
Can be done in our own time 
More engaging
Can watch things on my time, easier to fit into a schedule! Also nice to watch lectures in bed !!
The convenience of being able to do my uni work when I choose to around my busy work/life schedule.
Can complete in my own time
Most flexible can use the resources how ever I want. Self directed. 
You have the possibility to ask questions about the subject 
I have to get up and be there at a certain time, I feel more engaged, easier to ask questions. Also is less tiring than watching recorded lessons since you aren’t starting at a 1 1/2 long video...
It kind of forces you to be present and pay attention for 1-2 hours, rather than getting an e-mail saying “read chapter 3”, and then never ending up reading at all
Most like regular lectures. Easier to stay focussed and engaged.
Interactivity
I study Sign language interpreting wich is hard/impossible to practise without seeing eachother. Therefor zoom has been a great platform!
You can Ask question during the class.
Its nice to be able to pause and rewind if you need to since there are so many more distractions at home. 
One can ask questions and get feedback immediately
Because i can understand what the professor is meaning and also play it back when ever i want it
Easier to look back on and the professors was more comfortable with this as they avoid any technical difficulties they could have encountered with live recordings so the lectures was off better quality 
you can rewind if you don' t get it right away
More engaging 
It is possible to pause, and/or go back if needed
It gives a break from reading, and allowed for "passive learning" for a moment. In lectures professors will often phrase or explain consepts in a more oral, and often times more understand way.
Because it allows me to work in my own pace with the material and it removes the pressure of having to go to lectures 
When having a live classroom it is like having actual class, where student can participate, ask questions and give there opinions. However, the recorded lectures do not provide student with the above. And beside it is easy to procrastinate when having recoded lectures, than being obliged to participate on a live class. 
Better interaction\n
Back and fore Q&A.....
You can watch anytime 
Very Interactive. Teachers can also record the call to post it later for those who werent able to join or so we can watch it again. 
I can re read it anytime i want
Recorded lectures are easier and more convenient to access. Live classes do help you maintain discipline and complete course material on time. However, due to wifi or load shedding we are unable to connect to live lectures. If I miss a part of the lecture then I'm unable to grasp the whole topic (idk if it's relevant but I'm an Accounting and Finance major) \nAlso our professors aren't really trained to conduct online classes so the lectures aren't interactive and we lose focus. So there really isn't much difference between a recorded and live lecture. At least we can pause recorded lectures and understand the topic in detail through the reading material. 
Easier to do on my own time
I can watch the lectures whenever I want to. Also, I can make better notes...
Not depends on fixed time
Live Interaction with the teacher and can ask questions at the same time 
It allows direct communication like real classrooms and makes it easier to have discussions
Because recorded lectures don't hold you accountable. Students can slack due to recorded lectures because they are always available. However, live sessions keep a connection and an interaction between students and teachers.
You can consult back to the material and it provides flexibility for studying time
I like how the teacher interacts with his students. And it is so much easier to ask a question and get an answer right away instead of waiting for the teacher’s response through an email. 
Because you can ask questions in real time (and get answers quickly) and bc you can participate (which is graded in my case)
It allows to have some sort of interaction with the teacher
You can actually engage with the teacher and discuss the material in real time, which I find more useful in my own learning,specially if I have several questions, or if the answers to the questions I had in the first place lead to even more questions (idk really, I guess it's the closest thing to a real life face-to-face discussion that we can have at the moment). 
Because you can actually ask questions. 
It is the closest to face-to-face classes
Because is similar to presencial classes
It simulates classroom based learning, provides live interactions, and its easy to access. 
It's the closest to the classroom like actual lectures. 
I work better in engaging settings because I get easily distracted especially when I am at home.
Due to slow internet connection, it is the most feasible and accessible method.
Living in a third world country, the internet is unstable most of the time so having zoom meetings would be a hassle for a lot of students
Because the Philippine education is teacher centered and attending live classes is just listening to a monologue of a teacher at a slow pace. The only thing pulled up is the powerpoint slide and most of them don’t know how to annotate or to write on the ppt or just don’t have the resources like an ipad or apple pencil. So it gets really confusing when there are no visuals.  And it is very awkward to ask questions or to engage because some teachers could get really annoyed because we disrupt her pace. It is not a mode of teaching problem per se but it just has to do with the culture of learning here. With recorded videos, I can watch the lectures in 2x speed. 
Allows you to have your own pace at learning the module
Because of active interaction 
Because it can keep me focused (provided that we are required to turn on our cameras). 
I like the fact that I can actively use my knowledge in a project/assingment of some kind, so I'm actually forced to stretch my brain, instead of just passively listening to a lecture or seminar. It's very easy to get distracted in the live classes. (There's only one option, but I also prefer recorded lectures to live ones because it's easier to take notes, I can take breaks, and no one ever asks questions in the live ones anyway). 
More flexible - choice of what day you do it; how much time you spend on it
it allowes me to ask quastions when the profesor says something that i don't quite understand 
Provides some structure 
Because i can do it in my own time, without the anxiety of a zoom  call
It allows for interaction with professors and other students, its almost as normal as being in a classroom
It gives me a chance to receive immediate feedback and contact with another human being. It also gives more structure to my week. My classes are pretty much 50% live and 50% uploaded materials+assignments, and the latter are definitely more stressing because I have to organize my time on my own and it feels like I'm learning less because it's mostly just me answering questions and writing essays.
This method ensures that I am being present and active during my classes
I can watch it whenever I want, even in the middle of the night and I can rewatch it when I forget something
polish is my second language, so i need some extra time to process everything, especially when i am at home and lack motivation to study. when we work with recorded lectures, i can pause or replay certain things 
I'm on a translation section of my degree so majority od our work anyways is submitting translations and other essays/papers done at home. It seems most similar to what we would do if not fot the COVID. I also  don't like uni video calls as a personal preference and because I feel I'm much more tired afterwards than after normal classes. 
It feels more “real”.
Im more focused
It’s quite the same thing as at Uni.
You can watch it any time
I think too quickly  for them to speak soooo slooow so I like to speed up the lecturer and only stop them when i need to. If i then have any questions or want to start A discussion, i can beacause we have special classes (about half an hour long) to do so after completing a lecture. For me, this is the case with only one class but I wish we had more classes like this. 
I like the interrsction
I’m studing dance, there is no good option, but at live meetings teacher can give us some kind of correction, also we have to record a lot of our homeworks and in the live classes we get feedback
It's the most engaging. Other than live classes, we only have emailed materials and most of the time it is hard to find motivation for doing it, since we don't really discuss the results. 
Because it’s the most simliar to the normal system and you can get a real time interaction with your professor and also it is grat to conduct discussions
I can focus better and get the work done faster. Of course, for some classes it\'s better to get to "meet" with the instructor  but overall this mode is the most efficient for me. (Some of the live classes can be also a bit stressful.)
I just feel like you have a better contact with people you’re studying with. You can easily communicate with them. You also have contact with the teacher and you can ask him questions if you don’t understand something. 
It’s basically like normal lectures, with the comfort of being at home (or wherever else you are)
I want to be able to ask questions and make sure the professor can't ignore it, as they ignore emails 
The topic can be explained better + I do not need to spend time learning it myself on top of doing the assignments. 
You can ask questions right away when you don’t understand something 
Because I can do it at my own speed
Because it engages everyone and you have to be really focused and attentive to listen others and answer correctly 
I think it's the best way to learn something and discuss things you may have problems with because talking through emails isn't as good and it takes much more time to explain something. 
It is convienient for me, because I can do the material any time I want.
I got out of habit of taking notes fast during a lecture where I have to listen to Profs - I just can't keep up anymore, so it's nice to write them notes down at my own pace while listening to music
As I'm in Uni of technology it is easier to follow and learn programs from easy to read and look back on materials
Because I can always ask some questions on a material
Because it substitutes regular classes the best 
It allows interaction with the Professor, especially considering that evaluation is done through my participation in classes 
Because I can interact easily with my professors 
I preferes when we had classes on person. But I like the zoom classes that are recorded and then we can study for those recordings. 
I can stop when I need to write notes
As students we get to interact and ask questions and we receive a reply instantly.
I can re-watch the videos anytime.
I've only had live classes but often miss things, with recorded lectures I'd be able to go back as many times as needed and also make my own schedule acording to which parts of the day im most productive
It helps when I need to ask the teacher something right away. It's more practical and easier to communicate. 
Theres more pressure to watch it bc if i dont i cant  get it back! also live questions and interaction with teachers
It is the most interactive method.
I can pause and go back if I get distracted or don't understand something. If I have doubts at the end of the class I can contact my professors about it. 
I can ask questions directly to my professors as we go over the material
Because i can go back and rewatch them and so get more out of it
It gives me time to stop and think about what i’m learning. I can spend as much or as little time i want on a subject
It allows us to interact with the teacher whilst we are learning, so we don't have to wait for an email reply.
In combination with Live Classes I believe it provides students with an opportunity to voice their opinions and also exchange ideas not only with professors but also with fellow students. 
Because you’re interacting with the teachers and classmates, and so you can have better discussions.
Because we can easily interact with the teachers
It still gives us the support of a professor even though we are being taught online 
there is more (in the moment) interaction, therefore more active learning
Because i can watch as many times as i want and study for the assignements by listening the professor over and over again
Because it's not that different from classes at Uni
I can ask questions and I think it’s a more dynamic way to learn
I am able to have discussions about the topics with my classmates as well as the professor!
Interaction with professors
Because I can watch it faster and whenever I want to
I can study the materials at my own time without any pressure 
I can take my own time keeping up with the materials of a subject and recorded lectures just don't get my attention, I rely too much on the fact they are there whenever I need them so I let it accumulate
More interactive, ability to ask the teachers questions in the moment 
It allows me to watch a class and ask questions live to the teacher, like i would if i were at university, and then they supply us the zoom recording if we want to see it again.
I prefer recorded lectures because I like to pause the video to take notes of everything important that can be hard sometimes if the teacher talks to fast and also if I dont understand something I can just go back and watch it again.
Personally I only have live classes but I always record them because it helps me to revise and comprehend the subject better
Because it allows us to work on our own, be independent and come foward if we have any doubts
It offers more interaction and allows to ask more questions
It is more interactive and gives us space to ask questions 
Because I am more able to write  down what the teacher says by pausing and reversing the video and still pay attention to what's being said without being too foucuesed on writing fast. 
Because I can make my own schedule, pause the video and watch it several times. 
Allows more flexibility to choose the schedule 
I struggle to manage my time in quarantine sometimes and with recorded lecture i ca watch them when it’s convenient 
Because you can watch them anytime you want; it's much better to do so when we are in the mood to learn
It gives me motivation
It's the closest thing to a normal classroom 
Interaction and sense of learning together + easier to talk to the professors
Because it allows me to go back and check things as many times as I need 
It’s the closest to a presencial class and I can ask questions while the professors teach and expose the subjects.
You can ask questions and be more interactive.
resembles real classes
It gives me the ability to do things in my own time. 
Because wirh recorded lessons I van watch them whenever and how many times I want! 
Through recorded lectures you get to understand the subject in your own time and pause to do some reasearch on something, which isn't possible during zoom lessons (also my uni banned the recording of classes so that's not good)
Because I can learn at my own pace 
More similar to real contact 
I am able to review the videos when working on assignments
Because it’s the closest to being on a real class
Because that way i dont have to follow my "normal" schedule and can choose the best time to study a certain subject
It helps to minimize wasted time
I can watch then at any time, and can watch then several times, so it helps when it’s revision time! 
Best way to manage my time 
It’s more interactive and it allows me to ask questions whenever I don’t understand something
Because you can inferact with the teacher, plus since I cant pause, I pay a lot more attention. I just wish they were recorded as sometimes internet fails and I miss information.
Because it makes it easier to have a routine 
Because it gives me the freedom to adjust the learning to my personal schedual, for example, I know I’m at my best in terms of focusing and being enganged in the learning at night, and having the classes recordes allows me to get the most out of them and my concentration.
I actually have time structured into my day in a mandatory manner
I can watch it whenever I want, I can also pause and go back if I missed something
It's easier for me to keep up with everything my professors are saying and I can pause an back the video up every time I need to
It allows you to have a deeper explanation on the topics while being able to organize how much time you want to spend on each one
Besides being more motivating than the rest os the methods a live class ends up being very similar to presential ones and it's helpful listening to the class doubts and discussion
Teacher-student interaction is absolutely essential and helps guide students towards a more efficient and profitable study method
I feel like I interact more with the teachers and it helps me stay focus.
It\'s the most engaging (to me hearing and seeing the teacher helps me focus), its easier to participate (the teacher answers immediately and the other students benefit from that aswell), it\'s the most "social" method since everyone is connected live so it alliviates loneliness and its the most motivating to keep a steady daily routine
Allows for more engagement with the material and is just more socially fulfilling
Interactive \n
It creates a more personal atmosphere making me feel part of the class.
I find that recorded lectures are best for me because I can study at my own pace, any time of the day and I can pause the recording/video if I don’t understand something and search for answers somewhere else.
Because it provides the most connection. Even if get distracted or space out a fair amount I benefit a lot from the sense of togetherness and support I get from live classes, even at the times when they are not very engaging. In addition to this are the discussions that organically happen during live classes between the students and the professor, which would not happen if we all just studied materials individually.
I get to actively participate in the discussion instead of just attention a course, thus engaging with the material better 
I can ask questions in the moment and I understand better if I see the screen of my professor (I'm a computer science student). Discussions or emails just wouldn't do it for me. 
Because it envolves all my atention.
Live classes are very badly organized. Most professors don't have an internet connection strong enough, so the audio is often affected. I also find it very hard to focus when it comes to online classes. Regardless of how much I try, it's just not the same as classes back at college.\nI found that even if we do live classes, professors somehow got worse at explaining concepts, so it's kinda useless. They weren't at all prepared, and it shows. 
It forces you to be present, even when there is no motivation.
I'm a geology student and it's really hard to learn throw emails because we actually have to analyze the rocks or do microscopic research. In the current situation I find it easier to learn in a live class, so that the teachers can explain with more details. 
Because it makes students communicate instantly and the most likely to contact learning
It's easier to maintain the feeling of real classes by communicating with each other live
Because it's hard to stay focused on lectures and especially if it's just lecture online, without almost any discussions
I don't feel comfortable being at home and sitting in a (virtual) classroom at the same time. And I don't like the platforms we use (zoom). 
Connecting and communication is crucial for education. Nothing can ever replace seeing and hearing classmates and professors; and Zoom is providing it. Also getting feedback in real time is something I appreciate
Online live classes are much harder to sit through (for me) because of all the noises and weird video interaction (it's obviously not the same as a live class, it feels more like watching a movie and interacting with it), it was kind of exausting. If I have to listen to a prerecorded lecture I don't have to interact with anyone and I can do it in my own time (so that I don't have to sit in front of the camera for five hours straight) and I still can ask questions via email or something like that, so I feel like this isn't less efficient but more comfortable
Because I can manage my schedule more efficiently if I have recorder lectures. You can finish your assignments and then listen to everything that you missed this week 
because it imitates the feeling of being in class
The only way we can communicate with professors, ask them and answer they questions. 
Because I have an unlimited access to the sent materials and can come back to them anytime + even if my internet connection gets lost, I will be able to obtain the information later 
I study a language so it’s very important to practice speaking and listening skills
live classes are messy because there are a lot of people, internet connection gets unstable and i just find unrequired jokes of my peers stupid, sometimes offensive and generally distracting 
Best for understanding 
I like to re-listen things (especially math)
I can study in my own pace
I prefer talking to people face to face. 
You could do recorded classes anytime you can. Also you have a chance to be back and revise class when it's needed. Sometimes internet connection is too slow that's why live classes become annoying and useless 
It maintains my engagement 
I have time to read or view the content and go back as much time as possible 
I can ask questions and get back to the answers anytime
A combination of shared documents amd live classes
Immediate discussions are more insightful
It is self directed learning and offers a sense of clarity and the learning materials content
Because I concentrate when watching lecture videos and I understand more
They're convenient if I don't want to attend class at the allocated time
It's convenient
So that to have an interactive class and ask question in real-time.
You focus on understanding it once and for all
It's because uploaded materials compile everything and mostly because you can just download it and check it while you are offline assuming you have internet issue.
Although it’s not ideal and I don’t prefer the online learning, but It’s the closest to the real study setting/college class room.
I would be able to grasp the i formation more as I could help relate it to something
Because it’s easier to communicate with the professor /teacher 
Because it in courage students to attend the class, as well as it helps you to interact with your peers.
because I can listen to it again if I need to
It’s the most similar to the regular teaching.
Better interaction with all of my professors
I can attend the classes any time during the day, not at specific time, which lets me plan my days to my wished. 
I can speak to the proffesors and they do the teaching, as they would in the normal conditions
I can listen to the class whenever I have the time for it, also I can pause the video to take notes and rewind if I haven't understood something. 
Because of the interaction between the professor and students. 
It’s easier to find important information if you can replay the video or whatever they are using and also if something needs clarification or I didn’t understand it the first time, I can just go back and listen/watch it again.
Because you have interaction with other people
We'd understand better in the same time explore more.
Live lessons allows us to ask questions to the professor directly via the chatbox (this would not be possible with recorded lectures). Having live lessons sort of also helps us to create a routine whilst in quarantine (having to attend classes at specific timings just like in school instead of just doing the lesson whenever you want). 
Interactive. You get to ask questions and engage with your tutor in the spot. 
Ability to ask questions and get immediate feedback.\nLive lessons keeps me accountable; I HAVE to attend the lessons and stay focussed during the duration of the class.
so I can take my time to digest the content taught, especially because some professors seem to go quicker than usual when they can no longer gauge students’ responses
Discussion chats/forums stimulates discussion in real life and forces everyone to participate instead of it being passive learning
can pause the videos because having lessons recorded might have poor audio at some points so it's good to have it able to replay again and again
it feels a bit more easier since a teacher is present and there’s a sense of normalcy since ur friends are present in the live class.
Able to get instant replies to questions and have discussions 
it allows me to take the classes at my convenience when i’d be better prepared mentally to take them (if i’m forced to wake up for an 8am zoom class, for example, i likely won’t be very receptive during the class)
I can watch it during my preferred times and slow or pause at sections when I need it. 
more interactive, keeps me disciplined
Flexibility in where and when I can attend my classes. I could also stop or speed up the video as needed. It was also helpful to have these videos as anytime during revision I needed to refresh my learning, I could go back to these videos.
With recorded lectures I’m unable to ask any queries that may come up during the session and this can be done with live sessions. And the recorded lectures are usually from previous years
Greater sense of normalacy
Can replay the videos/recordings when needed. No pressure to participate live on Zoom
It feels the most like real lectures
It allows me to ask straight away and get real feedback
I can watch them at any time of the day, not only at a set time for live classes and they are more enjoyable and easier to understand than plain materials sent by an e-mail.
Because it is easier for me to take notes.
I can watch it back
Because I can stop the video if I dont understand something. I am studying maths and lectures are very “passive” so you understand more if you have more time to think about it.
Because it's the same for everyone- even if you don't have a good computer or bad connection you get the whole experience, and you can watch it all over again, stop the video...
I feel that live classes enable better conection between the students and the lecturer than recorded or emailed materials ans this is really important to me. Just hearing the professor's voice and seeing his/hers face is making me more enthusiastic and motivated to attend lecture and is way more fun and personal also.
It was keeping me sane and I was also keeping a contact with my professors and TAs.
Most contact, i can ask questions, have live debates
You can stop, rewind anything if needed. 
Its most likely that i will attend if it would be recorded i would just procrastinate with it
You can comunicate with a teacher directly 
Because it is more or less the only one our university uses. 
Because it is almost like the classes we are all used to but online. It allows us to stop the professor, ask them to go slower/faster or any questions we might have on the topic of learning.
I have time to focus
I can watch and go back on the recording, and its available whenever i want to listen to it.
It is more flexible for me.
Easy to pause and go back on more difficult materials
Live classes
i can pause the video if i don't understant the concept or if i'm taking notes
I like visual - written- information as opposed to an auditory and visual lecture video.
I can spend more time learning the material in a way that I best understand
You’re free to access it when you actually want to work rather than sitting in front of your computer half asleep at a 7:30 lecture 
Opportunity to ask questions on the spot 
I can watch the lecture again if I really need to. I can also do it at my own time and schedule it in between all my assignments. 
Lecturers seem to be more thorough when talking to themselves 
At uni readings are obviously a lot, having to teach myself through PowerPoint screen cams or PowerPoints with audio feels uninspiring 
Able to work through course content without having to constantly rewind to in order to understand the information.
It ensures that everyone can access the content
I can access it at any time of the day and can choose how I structure my day as the Content is prerecorded. 
With live classes, you are forced to participate and forced to hear the audio from your instructor. Other methods are harder because of a lack of motivation. With live classes you can ask real time questions, and are forced to answer. The other methods - who knows if you're doing the work...
It helps to be able to pause the lectures when they go too fast, but the lack of interaction between lecturer and students is definitely not good. 
It feels the most similar to being in an actual lecture to me and I can go at my own pace - as opposed to the obligations of zoom classes 
Interaction, opportunity for discussion and can ask questions 
My university's focus is on asynchronous learning. I can access them at any time and I can work through the content at my own pace. I can skip through content I already know/speed it up. I then have more time to engage with the content (such as tutorials). I also get to go back to the lecture videos/slides and use them as my notes.
I can always playback the video if I dont understand the content.
It is easier to adjust to my schedule as opposed to online lectures meetings 
Allows me to work to my own schedule 
Because when a lecture is recorded you don't get interrupted by slow wifi. 
I havent experienced live so I can only comment on what I have. Hearing lecturers speak out the concepts is much more insightful than reading it yourself. Much easier for interpretation to go wrong. 
Able to go at my own pace
Having pre-recorded lectures enables me to work at my own pace and plan out my own day. 
It really helps to learn all the work in first year when i hear or see the lecturer talking. It makes doing all the work seem less automated and like i am still interacting with a human being behind all the course work 
Having someone explain the content to you in a Zoom class, instead of having to figure it out on your own. 
I prefer hearing the lecturer’s voice while they are explaining a concept rather than reading about it. 
More interaction. It also creates a routine to my day. Uploads I can do whenever 
As I can follow at my own pace and can skip ahead if I feel I understand or I can pause to copy down examples/try and understand more, while still having it explained by my lecturer (instead of just using the notes). I cannot fully say whether I would prefer live classes as I only have 1 zoom session a week for 1 course, as not everyone at our university has equal access to data (even though all students have been provided with data, live sessions use up a lot more data than typed notes or video transcripts) and not everyone has working/living conditions where they can access a session at a specific time. This means that we are provided with typed notes and the recorded lectures are optional, but it makes it hard for me to decern whether I prefer live sessions due to the fact that our university doesn't recommend their usage.
It is easy to go back to the lecture video and make sure that you have understood everything, and affords the lecturers more opportunity to explain concepts in detail. 
It sort of mimics being in a lecture room which makes studying easier cause you don’t have to teach it to yourself 
There is class engagement, and it helps keep a well-structured schedule for increased motivation to work
Better explanations this way
For me, it most resembles my experience in an actual classroom. 
Well, my faculty functions differently from other faculties. However, with this option we can access the video anytime and always re-watch it if we’ve missed anything important/misunderstand something. It gives us the option to go back an understand it again, if we want to.
The content can be explained thoroughly by a lecturer so that we understand it, and we can set up our own study schedules to accommodate our "home" schedules
I prefer recorded lectures because this allows me to go through the material at my own pace and to come back to it when necessary. I engage better when I hear my instructor discussing the material. When I have to do it alone, I tend to get lost and lose focus.
More interaction with the lecturer, able to ask questions, works like a normal face to face lecture.
It feels as close to the lecture hall environment as possible, but also allows you to choose when to do the work and do it at your own pace. 
Due to connectivity issues live classes are not ideal and as such discuss forums too. Recorded material doesn't require a lot of interaction 
It helps me to understand the topic better when someone is talking rather than just read it. 
There’s room to ask the professor 
Better interaction for asking questions 
It gives you the opportunity to participate and ask questions to your teacher. 
It is more dynamic and students are able to participate and ask questions
It is more flexible when it come to schedules
It allows me to replay/ it isn't so tiring as sitting through whole classes
Because you are able to ask the teacher questions about the lecture inmediately and other students maybe have the same question, and also you can ask the teacher to repeat it in other way that with uploading notes you can't or it's more difficult via email
The most similar to how it has always been 
I can manage my time better
Because taking into consideration the many distractions that my enviroment may have, this way i can stop and replay whenever i want to so that i dont miss any info
It allows the student to ask the teacher questions and makes engaging with the subject easier. 
\nIt honestly depends on the subjects. But I like to be able to pause and look back/repeat in harder subjects like Biochemistry and physiology 
You can ask questions and it feels cozier.
It helps you to keep a schedule 
Easier and more personal interaction.
You can ask your doubs in the same time you're learning that new knowledge and get feedback in that same second.
It is way more engaging 
You can watch it multiple times
Because you can do it whenever you want
Because I can pause the video when I want, to take notes and If I didn't understand something or hear it, then I can replay it.
It's my prefered mode because we are interacting with other clasmates.
I can pause the video and rewatch it if I don't understand it + I can watch it whenever I want to
Because I can rewatch the lectures whenever I need it
It feels a little bit more realistic and I can ask doubts easier 
I find this method more useful as you can pause the video and take a moment to think about it, you have the material available for whenever you want and to follow your own rhythm but I think that it has to be complemented with online meetings at least once a week with the professor 
I don't have to make my own notes
Easy to follow
Because of the availability to watch all the times needed and in the prefered time.
It allows you to get much more material than with just a call with the professor 
Because I can ask questions and have them solved immediately 
I can ask the teacher any doubts I have during the lesson
It often seems more dynamic and personal, just as in person classes used to be before covid19
Because it is easier to communicate with the professors as you can ask them the things you don't understand at the time they are explaining it, and also interact with them and your classmates.
I think conexion with tutors is more personal, and I find that engaging
It gives you the chance to have an open debate and you can interact with the teacher the best in my opinion \n
More dinamic. Does not let them explain more that they would in a normal class
It forces you to keep the same schedule and it is the most similar to actual classes
Because it feels closer and more real
Cause you don't have to stick to a specific time to watch it, and you can also watch the lecture as many times as you want if you did not understand something, you can go back and forward, stop it...
You can ask questions and get them answered almost instantly. 
It is the nearest thing to a face to face class and seeing my partners and teacher make me feel less alone in this circumstances
Because I can watch whenever I want the recorded classes and in case I have any doubt I can email the teachers to ask them and we can even discuss it by zoom or any live platform 
It’s a way to keep you motivated to attend to class and you can ask questions.
because i can organise my time and i don’t have to stick a schedule 
More interaction, quick answer to doubts 
you can repeat it as many times as you want, cause sometimes it’s difficult to follow a class and at the same time taking notes 
It's more human and it helps me understand things better, I also feel like I'm actually taking a class and not just watching youtube.
Because I can revisit the lecture anytime
Cause you can pause and take notes whenever you want. Plus, you can watch it when you want.
Because I can watch the lectures when I want
It is the easiest way to interact with and learn from other students input. Discussion forum and chats are great as well, but talking is easier and faster.
You can have unlimited access to it
Live classes give me anxiety, so recorded videos are the best option for me.
I can watch them when I want
I find it easier because I can watch the classes when I am motivated, and if I have any doubt most of my professors are available through email. 
Because I can rewatch it every time I need to
I can see the courses later\n
I can watch back at my own rythm. In live classes I normally record them and watch them back because I need time to process the information
You get to participate and it’s more difficult ti lose focus. (But very necesarily it is to be combined with power points and lectures)
You can watch them as many times as you need, and you can pause them to take notes, and you create your own schedule, you don’t have to watch them at a certain time
It creates more of a classroom space where everyone can interact with eachother.
Because Ive the freedom to orginze myself and then if Ive questions I ask them to my professors.
It is more similar to real life and easier to get engaged
It's more natural and when someone teaches me something I understand it better than reading it myself
I went without live classes for most of quarantine and started to loose purpose and motivation which led to a lack of discipline. After doing a few debates online and listening to some explanation from professors I’ve realized again why I like my subject and that took my motivation back.
Ability to get feedback in real time
My internet is not good enough for a live class to be done properly. Moreover, my online classes are with the camera off and mic of and questions are asked in the chat. Hence, it is very impersonal and not worth it. Uploaded materials are not good enough for me to actually understand (if ai could learn this way, I would just google instead of paying tuition). Thus, maybe recorded lectures are not great but at least I can re-watch them and teachers usually explain themselves better if speaking (instead of writing). 
It allows flexibility for both professors and students, but it is also a more personal teaching method than pdfs 
Uploaded or emailed materials 
I can interact with other students and the lesson is more dynamic 
It is easier to understand concepts
Live interaction, being able to engage in real time
It allows me to interact with my professors more freely and to gain a better understanding of the material being taught
It is more effective in my opinion and it is available for you to consult them whenever you want to
Because I can go back to whatever it is that I might not understand or that will be helpful in the future.
It's the more similar to an in-person class and it's easier to have interaction with the professor
Because I can access the direct information anytime I need to whilst revising.
Because you can interact with the teacher and ask him/her questions
Active but does not rely as much no your resources (e.g. with a bad Internet conection attending to live classes is not always possible) 
I can take my time understanding the concepts and taking notes. 
Because it's the most similar to actual classes and it makes it easy to expose doubts and discuss the materials not only with the teacher but with the rest of the class too
It allows me to go at my own pace. Faster or slower, whatever I need
It allows for better and easier interaction with both my teachers and my classmates
I can go back to the material whenever I want to and feel free to ask any question later.
because it is most similar to physical lectures
You can watch it anytime and its easier to understand than just the material without any kind of explanation
There's more freedom, you can organize your tasks however you want so it works for your situation. You cannot assume everyone's life at home is the same, for example, not everyone can be online at a specific time or has the devices needed. 
Can ask questions 
Google classroom assignments
As it's more accessible when internet connection level is low 
I can learn at my own time and pace
It makes one to one interaction possible
I can utilise the material at my own pace, and take breaks whenever I need to. Easier to take noted as well.
Our teaching consisted of posting on forums and then discussing further on the live chats and this was a really good way of properly discussing ideas we’d had and problems we’d dealt with, with other members of the class that wasn’t in our forum and the lecturer themselves. It’s a much more organic way of learning and very similar to the seminar structures we had pre-covid, just online.
Because it feels most similar to regular university days.
I can watch it many times 
Because it's almost like being in a classroom on campus, which is what I learn from the most. 
Knowing that it’s live, and being able to speak to my class mates and my professor at the same time helps me to keep focus.
More interactive, got a reason to get out of bed in the morning, a chance to actually talk to someone (as i live alone) 
I can pause the video any time and then skip things or revise other topics again easily
It is less easy to get distracted in live meetings
Easier to communicate while seeing each other 
So that you could look back if you don’t understand and also having it in our own speed
I like to be able to spela to discuss with my classmates or ask questions to my professor. I like to have set times when you have to go to class like you would have if you were on campus.
You only can follow the class then and there no procrastination possible which is perfect for someone like me who does most things very last minute. You need to concentrate and follow that exact class and you can’t go back to repeat what has been said, which is in my opinion the closest thing to an actual fysical class. (of course teachers will also all answer your questions that may occur on the spot which is convenient as well) 
Somewhat gives a sense of normality no guess, knowing that everyone is listening to the lecture at the same time as usually nwjen lectures were in lecture hslls
It’s the closest to “regular” lectures, and you can ask questions in real-time
It makes me more engaged and active
More interaction between participants 
Flip classrooms lectures were you do a bit of pre reading and solve and discuss problems during class
It feels like a ”real” lecture 
So dependent on which class but live forces you to do something as opposed to making your own schedule. But both are preferred
It allows for more interaction with the teacher and classmates during the lecture, I can ask my questions straight away when I think of them instead of stock-piling them to ask in an email after class. I also feel like it's easier to reach the answer you want even if you maybe phrased the question weirdly or can't really articulate what it is you don't understand because it's a real-time back-and-forth with the lecturer and they can also use visual aids in a different way to visualise concepts that might be more difficult to explain properly in just text or with still pictures if it's something that's moving in a particular way.
It gives me opportunity to plan ahead and decide what to study when, I can also take time to understand what it is I’m learning about.
Easy to follow, able to ask questions 
I get to watch it comfortably from my home / bed and can rewarch it if necessary. If I dont get around to preparing for a lesson its npt a big deal, I can still listen and make notes. 
Connection to other students and the instructor
Our classes arent very interactive, so its nice just being avle to watch the lecture when it fits best. Seminars on the otherhand are great with live classes!
Easier to manage my time
Can be sped up or paused as needed to take notes. Feel like my learning is more efficient this way
2x speed. stopping + reading up on things i don't understand. overall = comprehend more in 1 go. 
less stressful, can be done at any time
It does depend on the class. I like the combination of live classes and recorded lectures. Live classes are great for asking questions in tutoring classes and discussion-based content whereas recorded lectures allow me to follow my own schedule and revisit parts I found difficult to understand. I can pause the lecture when I need to think more about the presented concept. On the other hand live classes structure my day and hold me accountable. I think all of the above mentioned modes should be employed for successfull online teaching as they cater to different needs.
it encourages active thinking and participation 
Because I need to be there at a certain time which gives me structure in my day. On top of that it gives the great opportunity to ask questions live and get to hear the questions of everbody else. 
It takes more time, but i can work at my own pace, which I love!
I can watch it whenever I want!
Because interaction is possible.
I will actually do it. 
Because I can stop at anytime I want in order to listen to it again and take notes. Some subjects are really complex and I remember not being able to follow if we had lectures live.
More interactive 
It's the closest to actual seminars
You can decide yourself when you want to do a course. And you can replay stuff. 
I can do it in the amount of time I Need to 
Interaction
Recorded lectures
It allows you to go back and review the material and work at your own pace 
I feel like it‘s more engaging/interesting than simply getting thousands and thousands of papers to read (or so it feels like) 
easier for me to learn it, hearing and seeing in one
Students can easily pause or replay the videos to better understand the contents.
 have more interaction with professors
It allows me to rewarch the video several times and make notes. 
Because it's hard for me to concentrate on a live metting since my parents and my younger siblings are home and they keep distracting me (unintentionally) ,plus the whole concept of live metting in my room with my pjs and my phone (and other distractions)makes it even harder...
I can study whenever i want. 
This is the closest option to the real thing. It has a space for live interactions and understanding.
Basically for the possibility of live interaction with the rest of the class and especially with the teacher
It's obviously not perfect, but gives us at least the chance to stop the teacher and ask him if we feel lost about something. The interactions are important. My second favorite method would be Recorded Lectures, you fell most comfortable and can rewind if you've missed some part without being embarrassed to ask the teacher to repeat. 
because i can adjust the speed of the lecture, thus optimizing studying time, plus i can stop whenever a term or concept is ambiguous to search it on my own
Because of my slow internet connexion
Because i can check them out and keep up with them whenever i want without the responsibility of catching up on the live classes
I can watch it whenever i am feeling productive 
In Turkish universities, generally courses are live classes and these classes must record in order to access for unavaliable studends watching or reviewing later. I think this is the best preferred mode for me. 
Because, it is more similar to our old education system. You are able to ask what you think at that time.
I want to study when Im motivated
Because if I don't have a specific time to do a task like being present at a zoom lecture at a certain time I end up procrastinating a lot. I cannot manage my time efficiently on my own.
It holds the opportunity to ask questions or share opinions immediately rather than recorded lectures. 
Being able to ask questions and get answers right away
Because when it comes to live sessions sometimes I do not feel motivated whereas finding my own time to watch is better.
Because when they upload a video. I constantly delay to watch it.
It is interactive and actually effective. Experience is very close to face to face classes
Because i can repeatedly listen and learn without the time limits
To watch it any time when I can.
Because I will be able to follow my own suitable schedule 
I feel more real like more connected
You can engage with the classes better and actually feel like you are in a classroom/teaching environment.
because it allows me to do the work on my own time
Idk maybe because it's live
It would be more easier to follow and I can ask questions on the topics I don’t understand 
Even in quarantine it can be hard to keep up with live lectures so having the option to watch them back is very helpful.
Because i can go back to the class anytime i want or if i miss it, i can watch it online. 
I learn better when I listen to the lectures from the professors. 
because of internet connection,live lectures couldn't be as affective as it could be, recorded lectures or just voice recordings over lecture notes would be perfect
so that it is easier to both understand the material and reach the teacher about parts where I don’t understand the concept. E-mailing usually takes a lot longer (2-3 days).
I prefer learning by face to face
Because it is the most realistic and similar method to normal classes.
It's very similar to the real classroom
It involves discussing with peers on the content assigned. This allows active learning as compared to recorded lectures or Zoom classes.
I can pause and look back 
Gives more structure to my day. It’s similar to what my normal classes are so it wasn’t hard to adapt. Also, I study engineering so studying uploaded material without having a professor explain it is difficult 
It’s the best way to get a discussion going and is more time efficient as classes are conducted at the regular time forcing some normality upon students (at the beginning it was quite hard with all the emotional turmoil but as the days went by we needed some of our regular/ old life back)
It’s easier to ask questions as they arise rather than note them down after the recorded lecture.
I can ask questions and receive immediate answer from instructor so slide-to-slide there's no interruption in my understanding. Also, attending a live class where attendance is taken keeps me accountable whereas if we only had recorded lectures I may procastinate and not studied them on time.
It is more close to in class learning 
Because I can ask immediately if i have any issue about the lecture 
Can do at any time but still getting full info from lecturer 
More interactive and engaging 
Less pressure than online videos but also get to talk with lecturers directly 
We get to fully engage and get feedback
it feels closest to normal uni lectures, and i dont do well with just reading stuff online so it helps to have visuals/someone explaining at the same time
Can do in your own time 
Nothing replaces face to face learning!
Because it makes studying an interactive experience and emulates a normal ‘seminar’ 
It most closely resembles in-person seminars, as can actually talk through my ideas. The chat room seminars take so long for the tutor to reply and I find them exhausting and unproductive.
It gives me an opportunity to take in the information at a time that works for me, and gives me time to think over the information as I read or see it. I can also look back on videos if there are points I've missed.
They help provide a useful summary and overview of the topic that is being covered and I find it a good springboard for my own thoughts. Online classes are also good, although the size of my classes might inhibit overall participation and make them less effective.
I find it easier to interact with the content when I can see the lecturer
Because it allows me to access the information at a time that works for me since at home i have more responsibilities which have changed my work schedule
You can engage with the teacher more and it feels more like being in a real supervision 
Don’t like face to face online teaching and discussion board posts means more thought\ngoes into it/longer time to prepare.
More interaction
Less pressure than live discussions
I can take my own time to go through the work ,allows me to get a better understanding of it as it is not rushed.
Less intimidating than face-to-face live chat and works best when I can choose the best time for me to study.
Can work a daily routine around scheduled live lectures.
Feels the most normal. Interacting on a webcam feels like a better discussion than forums. Feels more like a seminar.
It delivers information in a way that is beneficial in terms of speed of learning and can be referred to after discussions etc
More direct, able to discuss, feels like normal uni
I find it easier to engage and feel more motivated when I can see my professor and my peers. 
Actual get interaction
More interactive, can ask questions and remember more because of how interactive it is
It is more interactive and made me feel included and part of a team. 
Zoom isn’t always productive people can be more shy that they usually would in a seminar.
It’s more direct and engaging (mimics in person the most)
It's possible to pause and relisten or do extra research in parts that I don't understand or need more information on.
It feels more like uni
Less pressure as it is difficult to meet all expectations and standards during a global pandemic! I can watch when I am in the mindset to optimise my learning as an individual 
The forums we’ve been using for seminars makes it so hard for discussions - you have to wait a lifetime to type a question and hope to get a decent response while there’s other conversations going on and it’s super awkward - whereas the zoom classes I think have been making talking to my tutors and the discussions way more accessible 
Because it is a good mix between guidance from our seminar leader and contributions from classmates which makes it so much more engaging. A lot more students feel more confident to contribute compared to zooms so it is far more interesting to spark debate.
It’s easier for me, as someone with a learning difficulty to be able to pause and rewind lectures and is less stressful that zoom classes/discussion boards
It inspires me to actually participate since there’s pressure from the class environment to think and be engaged. It also helps me keep a schedule
Ability to stop the recording and make notes to understand instead of not being able to engage because the info is going by too fast
I don’t usually contribute much in class - I prefer to listen to others and make my own notes - and discussion forums force me to contribute or I’m recorded as having not attended the class.
It feels similar to a live lecture so you get all the explanation you might need, whilst being able to pause and rewind to make notes more easily. You can go over something as many times as you like. 
Questions get answered quickly and you can go back and search to see if other people had the same question 
Allows the lectures to be viewed in your own tone, while also enabling the opportunity to rewatch/explore further. 
Because its the most similar to real tutorials
More personable and easy to ask questions 
It forces me to sit and engage rather than put off things or get distracted 
Able to ask questions and physically see the professor
Can ask questions directly 
Can actually actively engage
We get to recreate the seminar dynamic. Not exactly the same but we get to have actual back and forth conversations about the content whereas the discussion boards weve had to use in some other classes are awful they dont replicate the seminar experience at all because you dont have w conversation, its more like you write a paragraph, send it and thats it. Video calls also mean there is a set time you have to complete reading for and show up, whereas with discussion boards we have a whole week to contribute so there is a lack of conversation because it is staggered over days, and there is no incentive to answer before the day of the deadline.
You are able to ask questions and more likely to focus because of how it is live time rather than Pre recorded , therefore feeling more interactive. 
I think materials are easier to work through at your own pace, and less stressful than a discussion board or zoom meeting. 
I can watch it whenever I like when I know there will be no distractions, being able to pause and rewind if I don’t understand it. There is also less pressure than being live.
More accountability to engage with content
More interaction with the lecturers/ tutors 
Can pause and take notes, repeat sections
To be able to coherently voice my understandings and opinions on work as well as to engage with that of others and get expertise from the academic all in real time and as normal as possible!!
can be paused and stopped to take notes and engage with what’s being written
Easy to watch at my own pace.
Ease of accessing whenever you want. Most similar to lecture capture which is a familiar tool. \n\nWhen using live classes would have to remain muted anyway so not much more is gained out of a live lecture vs a pre recorded lecture \n\nFor workshop sessions where topic questions are answered would prefer a live class where the ability to ask a question there and then would be acceptable
We can ask questions and get a response immediately. Also, this way the professor feels more engaged and conducts the lesson in a more “normal” way - it’s not as awkward and short as a recorded lecture with no students
I am able to go through the content at a pace that suits me best
You can pause it at anytime to take notes
Because it means you can do the work in your own time, lockdown means I had to change my schedule and work full time to support my family so I couldn’t make scheduled group video calls or meetings, I prefer the teaching on sites such as Future Learn where you can work through the materials at your own pace (perhaps with deadlines on what you do each week)
Live classes 
Because it's somewhat engaging and makes it easier for me to maintain structure, as well as some level of face-to-face contact.
I feel like this shows the lecturers care more and makes me feel more engaged
Face-to-face interaction
Because it gives time for everyone to digest the content while also being able to offer opinions, ideas and ask any questions they may have.
easier to engage 
I prefer less interactive, as you can stop and process the information more deeply.
The opportunity to interact, and obtain more personal, specific teaching
More interaction and discussion 
It’s more interactive
Because you can ask questions real time 
It’s a more engaging process and provides valuable contact time with tutors/peers
Takes away the anxiety of face-to-face teaching; is revisit-able; isn’t time restrictive; gives us more time to think about what we’re going to say/write than in seminars
Can view it at Any time 
I prefer to learn via video as I like to make my own notes from what i gain out of the class. 
More interactive 
I can watch the lectures in my own time
The lecturer goes into detail, as they would in normal in-person lectures; emailed handouts and discussion forums are often very sparse. 
It is more interactive 
Live chats are too stressful.
Most similar to normality and provides a routine
Allows more of a conversation to flow and questions to be easily asked.
It means I can do it in my own time. 
Get an instant reply from lecturers
works around my sleeping schedule and when im feeling most productuve
A chance to engage with the tutors and other students live is great. Replicates the tutorial system of my university.
It is interactive and pretty much the same as being in a lecture.
much Easier to stay focused, helps me understand  the content when dynamically explained like in a lecture, and can ask questions with immediate answer so there is no block to my understanding whereas an email might take time to get a responce
Live classes allow students to further engage with the material by asking questions etc
It’s interactive 
I’m able to ask the lecturer questions and get an immediate response.
Keeps routine 
Live lessons are good but can seem instructed sometimes whereas videos are often better laid out and as my cohort is small emailing questions if needed wont be negatively affecting the tutor/not overwhelming 
More social interaction possible
Can be done at your own pace 
I don't particularly like any. However, I like being able to go back over what was said to avoid me getting confused as during this time I am finding concentration difficult 
So if we are unable to be at the live lecture for whatever reason, we do not miss out on a lecture! 
Quick communication 
It feels more like the structure of a typical class and gives a set time to be engaged for and be able to ask questions and have live feedback. Also hearing other students questions and points. 
More interactive, at Chester we have small classes of around 9 students and don't have lectures anyway, so it isn't very different from normal
Easier to interact/ask questions
I can ask questions easily to the lecturer and have discussions as a class
It makes me engage more with the learning, as opposed to when the materials are released for me to complete in my own time. I also like to hear others opinions on a topic (I study European politics so this is very important)
Can ask question and people contribute
It's nice to be able to physically see my friends and my lectures. Instant feedback to questions! Sometimes they're the only people who I talk to in the day 
Easy to use at my own pace and refer to whenever.
It’s the closest thing we could get to an actual seminar. All of my courses this year have been conducted in 3 hour seminars (ie. no lectures), so this was the only real option we had.
Able to go at your own pace. Lecturers seem to talk slower and explain ideas better than on video call.
You are able to ask questions then and there is you are unsure about something.
I suffer from anxiety and find the discussion over zoom overwhelming (especially with the camera on)to the point that I just avoid them 
I don't like watching the online lectures
You get that social aspect, you get to connect with your teacher more which helps you feel more comfortable with them. Adds a hint of normality 
As it would push me to have deeper conversations.
More interactive and I keep up with the work more easily rather promising myself that I'll catch up on it later
More interactive 
Get more "real time" interaction with friends and peers. I have the ability to ask questions and get a live response
When they are live, I am forced to keep up. when they are pre-recorded, I can watch them whenever I want and can easily put it off and get behind 
More interactive, better value for money
It is the most like face to face teaching
It’s real time and interactive. Makes me feel like I’m still in uni...sort of.
setting a time for study allows me to use my spare time to work. I find it difficult to motivate myself to study if there isnt a time set specifically by a lecturer
It fostered more discussion and interaction with my teachers and peers
I can ask questions in real time 
It allows for engagement, we have recorded lectures and then live seminars for discussion 
I am able to write notes alongside the video: pause it, rewind. Feel as though I learn more that way than sitting listening to the lecturer live. 
Can watch at any time and can pause and rewind to really understand 
I can work through it at my own speed
You can connect with people fully and people are more willing to share and encourage one another. I suppose it is more like how classes would be at uni
More interactive so requires me to have done preparation and be ready to ask/answer questions. Also, able to here opinions of other students as well as lecturer.
Feels the most ‘involved’ and similar to face to face teaching 
Interaction, can ask questions. Feels most like a normal face to face lesson
More interactive
More flexible and can do anywhere anytime 
It is real time interaction.
Able to discuss and ask questions straight away.
I have ‘phone anxiety’ so online participation is nerve racking 
allows for a mix of lecture and interaction
I think it is the most productive way to use the allocated to time for teaching because as students we can actually discuss the work with our teachers and fellow students
Able to engage easily with teachers 
I can still achieve some level of good communication with tutors over video call
Anxiety disorder
Get to ask questions, get immediate response, feels like you are attending a real class
I can stop pause and go at my own speed 
Can go on my own pace 
Can interact with the lecturer
I find that I can concentrate on a zoom call and that I work much better doing classes in my own time without the pressure of being on a call
Interactive, more like a real lecturer
Easy for music lessons as they are very practical.
Ability to pause, make own notes and have freedom to work when I’m in the right mood rather than force myself into a zoom call at a particular time and absorb literally no info 
most interactive
Can pause at any time, watch them at any time, speed them up/slow them down
More interactive and forces everyone to do it at the exact time 
Able to ask questions 
Live classes give me anxiety so I prefer already recorded material 
You are able to engage with other people instead of just staring into a screen
Because it's less bad than the others.
Most interactive and I like seeing people’s faces and hearing voices - feels more human
Can be completed in your own time and easy to keep up with
Closest to face to face contact and quick responses when discussing things
You can hear other people’s questions and collaborate
You are seeing the professor rather than just listening to their voice and can ask questions 
It is easier to manage whilst at home then needing to be at your laptop at a specific time. 
I feel like I can get the most out this mode. 
It feels more social, is more engaging and helps motivate me to do the work 
Because I can ask the instructor questions there and then
The online classes and seminars are too mentally exhausting for me, with social anxiety
Can watch in your own time. 
Easier to choose when to watch
I have more time to make good notes. I find zoom quite stressful to keep up with and mentally draining. 
More engagement, more similar to actually being at uni.
Direct interaction with lecturer 
Easier to ask questions if they come about and see other questions which students may have asked
Its the closest thing we have to actual face to face contact time with tutors right now so I feel it's the most effective method.
So I can watch it faster and learn at the pace I like
So I can do university at time the suits me during this time
I feel that it is the best use of time available 
More interactive and can get immediate feedback/answers to questions
Feels more like in person class, easier to take notes
Able to interact with lectures 
Due to my course being hands on practical. Easier during live classes
Having lectures/seminars recorded allows for them to be more flexible timewise as sometimes it is difficult to be able to dedicate an hour during the day for a set lecture when working conditions at home won’t allow it 
More accessible 
Ask questions 
I can then digest the information in my own time and make my own notes.
Interaction with the seminar tutor and other students is really helpful for actually understanding concepts
less pressure to be fully focused and have the energy to be present because working in my family home is difficult 
We are able to interact, and when asking questions there is immediate response 
It's easier to follow along and pause if needed to properly understand the content
I’m doing a music degree so it’s way easier to play live and have immediate feedback from teachers instead of waiting for them to watch it and then possible confusion over what they mean etc
It gives you the option to revisit the material for future study/revision of the topics covered in the class. 
It’s more motivating when someone is giving the information live and is available there and then which allows for any confusion to be cleared up instead of  waiting hours or days for a response on a forum, having live lectures gets me up and ready for the day and makes me more productive 
Better to see everyone and ask questions in real time as well as here the views and knowledge of your peers
Emailed materials 
more interaction
You can ask questions and get an immediate answer 
Closest method in mimicking face-to-face lecturing/teaching
I can interact with the instructor and other students.
It’s Live 
It helps me feel motivated and engaged during the lecture 
immediacy of question/answer processes and the ability to retain connections with staff/students
Sometimes it’s hard to engage with online classes 
Less technical and internet issues interfering than when live
Can ask any questions straight away, and it is the most like real life I suppose
More productive, able to chat to tutors whilst they are teaching
Because its interactive and pushes you more to take part. 
You get to catch up with everyone and give feedback on each others work
Feels more like an actual classroom 
Gives the option to obtain quick feedback on questions about the content of the class
Allows for discussion and I find it easier to keep engaged with than recorded lectures because you have your camera on
More interactive and easier to concentrate
Because I can pause to take notes
More interactive 
Able to structure your day with more flexibility. 
You can pause/play to make notes, it's very similar to just being in the lecture theatre in many ways
Live classes are more engaging. Also, I can procrastinate watching recorded lectures (and often do)
Allows you to engage with the person who is actually writing the questions for your exam. So it gives you an idea of what they think are the most important points.
Able to talk and get questions answered without the anxiety of a video call 
Because for the type of learning my course requires (languages) face to face interaction is much more impactful.
Can do it at my own leisure, don’t have to show my face Lool 
It’s the most like real lectures 
It feels the closed thing to a supervision or seminar!
can ask questions live and get an immediate answer from lecturer
I am able to communicate with classmates in real time, and get instant answers from my course leaders.
It is more interactive and you can easily ask questions 
It is probably the closest replication of what teaching was like pre covid, and still encourages active involvement. 
Encourages you participate and it’s the only option I’ve been given 
Makes it more personal/real than just something uploaded (though this has its own benefits too). Seems a bit more with the money. 
Holds me accountable to attend the class, more engaging, means I can raise issues straight away
Because it’s most like in person classes
Similar to a seminar for being able to have a discussion 
More interactive
Most interactive and easier way to speak to lecturers as you normally would be able to if classes were on campus
I study languages and it's the best way to practice conversation and get social interaction
I do modern languages so need to speak!!
Feels as close to normal as possible! 
I find it easier to engage in my own time, rather than on a set schedule at home
Content specifically relating to course, can pause / rewind
can interact with the lecturer, similar to a real lecture, scheduled
Feels more like the real thing and add a bit more visualisation to the learning 
Zoom calls feel a bit unprofessional and there’s less anxiety with just all the info being on one page without having to speak to people 
Better explanation 
Best way of getting information
I would rather see the lecturer teach than watch previously recorded slides with only his/her voice. I think seeing the lecturer and knowing fellow students are logged in watching at the same time makes the lecture more interactive. However, visual PowerPoint slides are a great advantage of previously recorded lectures that I believe should be integrated into online zoom classes. 
Maintaining a connection with your peers and teachers
Easier to get feedback, learn with classmates
Less awkward
You actually get to talk to your lecturers and ask questions
I find it easier to follow as I can pause I write down, being dyslexic I find it very hard to follow along live especially being at home and being surrounded by my siblings 
You can ask questions directly and get answers in real time
I feel like i can its more personal and we get to contribute more to shaping our own learning and staying engaged
Actually have to attend, creates a routine. I study languages so the practice of them is impossible in a recorded lecture. 
Still having some interaction with classmates and a teacher 
Can pause to get all the information needed
It allows communication between myself and the teacher as well as other students 
Can pause and go back if I miss something
More interactive get to hear people’s ideas more like actually class
Active learning and still engaging with professors and peers
I rarely have online classes but when I do, I find them engaging
Can access it at whatever time I want
More straight to the point 
Allows for questions to be asked 
It is good to see all my fellow cohort and is more engaging and motivates me to continue learning. 
If I have questions needing to be answered there is an immediate response 
So I can come back and watch it again and I don’t have to be there watching where I become really disengaged 
Able to ask lecturers questions straight away\nCan benefit from other students contributions \nRaises morale 
Vital for understanding, need to be able to ask questions in real time and hear the explanation.
can watch at a time that suits you 
Most interactive and engaging 
Means I am not going to forget or miss the session
Closest thing to face to face teaching 
Can do in own time and pause to work through
It’s easy to follow and you can ask the teacher if you have a question. 
Can engage in conversation with other students and the teacher. Recorded lectures are often from the 2018-19 academic year 
Can go at my own pace 
We can use live chat at the same time and get instant feedback 
It's interactive 
More interactive with teacher, makes me more engaged and I understand content and can ask questions on stuff if unsure
Opportunity to ask questions/clarify things from recorded lectures. Insight into how to answer exams
Get to directly ask my supervisor questions 
So that i can watch it and take notes at my own pace
More interactive and allows to ask questions
More engagement and easier to ask questions
Can plan my time and when I want to do everything.
I study a very practical and collaborative course
Allows for the best engagement and an opportunity to ask questions etc. It is as close to the learning pre covid. Additionally, it is the most productive, in fact, more so than the situation pre covid and in person learning/face to face teaching 
Can do it in my own time
It resembles the traditional seminar to the best it can
Makes me keep to a schedule 
More interactive 
Although they are live all students are on mute and no video so it’s just the lecturer you can hear and see. As the lecturer can’t see me I get so distracted easily by my phone and family life during time I should be focused. Also, there are lots of tangents that wouldn’t be in a normal lecture. We have also lost a lot of contact hours. My degree is quite practical (animal biology) and when my uni have tried to modify practicals for us to do at home it seems pointless and I don’t engage with it very well. 
I find it daunting online with other students and I’m afraid to speak out. 
Can ask questions
More interaction, can get answers to questions quicker, better understanding as can collaborate with peers 
Time to pause and take notes is available
I struggle to concentrate on online/live classes.
Easier for a more free discussion and to work through ideas out loud before reaching a conclusion 
Uploaded Materials
So I find that I really get distracted with live zoom meetings, it is much easier to rewatch videos later and this means I can watch them over more than once too.
I am able to access them whenever I have the time to
Zoom meetings etc are hard on my anxiety. 
Feels more like a normal, familiar in person lecture
I can take in and absorb information at my own pace
Prefer learning from written information 
It's as close to face-to-face lectures as we can get, it's great to be able to have that contact with lecturers. In addition I think it encourages people to attend in comparison to pre-recorded lectures that you can access any time.
You get to ask questions and receive an answer in the moment 
I can ask questions and have discussions with my peers to expand my understanding
You can interact with the lecture live time
More like the real thing, get questions answers straight away
Easy to ask questions and fully engage with the material
My preference was a pre recorded lecture posted before the lesson time. Then during the lesson time we would have a zoom where we could discuss and do group tasks in the break out rooms. 
Forced time to show up 
interactive
You can look at it when you like and go at your own pace.
Interaction with others helps me understand content from multiple perspectives and feel involved 
it means that anyone can watch them at any time - helps people who are in different time zones and helps those who are still working. 
More interactive
I think it allows for more participation and you can ask for more help from both your peers and the lecturer if you don’t understand something 
More engaging 
Because I receive all the information I would have learnt in a face to face lecture without the awkwardness of being in a video chat (I find it really uncomfortable). 
Engaging spontaneously with professors and students 
So i can do the work in my own time and live connections aren’t always the best
It’s almost as good as real teaching! You can ask all questions etc as the class is happening rather than trying to get hold of someone to ask after.
This provides flexibility to studying if other things have to be done. It also allows the chance to go over content if I need to spend more time learning a concept.
It minimises the massive disruption by continuing to provide some structure to the learning, but it's still not great.
I prefer to be able to stop the recording and go over parts I haven't understood fully, which I can't do with my online seminars in live classes
It is as close as you can get to being in person without being in person - there is more opportunity for discussion or to ask questions etc. 
Can go at your own pace 
It's the most interactive and classroom like 
I like watching the lectures at my leisure and being able to pause them. but majority of our teaching is tutorial system so obviously this is why its mostly live classes of ca 3 students. 
Visual/auditory learner, able to take my time. 
Positive human interaction that provides balance to an otherwise locked down day 
Because there is an opportunity to ask questions face to face. Plus we can have 1 to 1s as well. 
More convinient to study; easier to see at first glance the content of the material straight away (without listening to an hour long video for example)
it is interactive
can rewind and fast forward lecture material
More interactive
Mimics classroom as close as possible and get to see my class mates. I like interactive learning 
Often more informative and planned out than live classes (at least based on the ones I've had)
Interactive\n
Easier to collaborate with other students and share ideas\nResponses are quicker when asking questions 
It feels the most ‘normal’, in depth discussions can occur without the restrictions of message/forum based learning
Interactive and can ask questions 
I can work at my own pace 
Can watch at my own pace and read notes along side making it easier to grasp a topic. Can watch when I want as well which is more convenient 
It allows me to fit uni work in when I feel physically and mentally capable. As there have been days where my mental health has been bad, not being able to attend zoom/online lectures makes me feel worse.
These offer an option to pause and rewind, so that learning can be conducted at my own pace
Can communicate directly with lecturers
Because we are able to ask questions and get things clarified or explained again 
Can go at my own pace, speed up skip replay.  Work at my own timetable. 
We are able to ask questions and see demonstrations 
As I am able to pause and reflect/ take detailed notes or message a friend - sametime - about the content as if we are in a class together. 
Better engagement and feels almost the same as being in a classroom 
I feel involved in the learning enough that I am motivated to do it. If I am just sent the materials I tend to forget to study or ignore it out of lack of interest (I know that sounds really bad but if I’m not physically present in the learning I can’t get my brain to be interested in it). 
Increased interactivity and enables quick responses to questions throughout a lecture/class
Able to ask questions and gain a better understanding than set work with little follow up
It’s most interactive 
I struggle with live classes as they are just not as efficient or engaging as face to face. So I prefer to do lectures in my own time. 
I can complete the work at my own pace, and at a time that is suitable for me
Closest thing relating to the in person seminars
Interaction with the lecturers and classmates better reflects the experience of the real life classroom
The closest thing to actually having a seminar
You get to apply your knowledge and learn from others 
Keeps me on schedule. It is interactive.
Creates some interaction between student and lecturer. I study Music at University so this enables some practical elements too which might not be as efficient through discussion forums and chats
You can ask questions directly to the lecturer and it will be explained there and then. It is also the closest thing to actually being in a room learning even if it is online. 
I can interact with my lecturers and ask questions if needed 
I can do it in my own time, I don't have to speak online to people, I have more control 
It gives me the motivation to be present at that time, rather than just leave it until later 
Mixture of resources recorded lectures and then live classes
You can receive live feedback from tutors 
I find it very hard to participate in and also concentrate on zoom lectures and I much prefer looking at the PowerPoint in my own tone rather than on zoom
Don't trust my family not to start a screaming match during a live lesson \n
Because it is closely similar to when having lectures and tutorials in person 
More interactive and easier to engage with the lecturer and my peers
It's easier to communicate with lecturers and have a discussion. I'm a Fine Art major with only 12 people on my course so it's not too hard to have a discussion on zoom without everyone talking over each other etc. 
Lack of concentration during the zoom lectures
Actually able to ask questions to my tutors in real time
Less awkward and can access at any time
Discussion with professors/classmates is the best way to be engaged with and understand the material. 
Cause I can see what is going on and is easier to have the slides/information there for me to add to or change. It is even more ideal when they send these out and do a live chat at the same time going over it all like in a normal lecture
Because you can connect with people and bounce of each other 
Because it’s the closest to normal face to face teaching 
Most interactive 
Live interaction with tutors, proper engagement in the content 
I work better at my own pace and being able to read material helps me. 
I can go back an rewatch the lecture 
I like the flexibility of being able to choose when to do the work as opposed to at a specific time
Short, concise, able to ask questions immediately and not have anxiety about reading feedback
Can discuss things and it feels like a classroom environment 
this method allows me to understand the information more effectively 
Replicating face to face contact, able to talk to tutors
I get anxious using Zoom and having meetings over video call... I understand why it’s used but for some reason they just fill me with dread! I’d much rather have the material uploaded so I can look at it myself and then contribute into a forum. 
More interactive - you can ask questions in real-time and it feels like a normal classroom environment 
You can ask questions directly to the lecturer and it will be explained there and then. It is also the closest thing to actually being in a room learning even if it is online. 
You can ask any questions and get a response straight away\nI study music performance so have to have live instrumental lessons because it would be impossible to learn otherwise!
Interactive 
can be referred back to as many times as i want which is better than a live call, but uploaded materials as well would be good
good to ask questions, feels interactive and the chat option adds a new level of discussion not seen in seminars in real life
More helpful 
We can ask questions as the lecture is taking place if we don’t understand something. Plus they are being recorded so we can still go back to them, or access them if we couldn’t go to the live lecture 
As an architecture student, live feedback on my work is vital for me to progress with my design work and spot flaws in my ideas or representations. 
Constant available access 
Because it allows me to listen again to the material
Can rewatch and watch lectures in my own time and at my own pace- saves the hassle of internet connection and camera availability for zoom etc.
It's closest to in-person teaching
Easier to follow along and focus 
I feel like this is most similar to a face to face lecture and it is something that you can go back and rewatch multiple times if you are struggling with a particular concept and you can pause it to make notes etc.
Lockdown is lonely and it gives me a chance to talk to a big group full of people I don’t usually talk to 
I feel heavily engaged with the lecture via live classes. Other methods of online teaching that are currently available such as recorded lectures and uploaded material put a substantial amount of pressure on students to understand lecture material with minimal elaboration. As a result, emailing lectures about the material then becomes time consuming. 
As it emulates face to face lectures as closely as possible allowing a two way communication between both instructor and students 
Interaction with tutors in real time
I can directly ask questions and have a conversation, and the fact that they are scheduled at a specific time means they are harder to ignore
It means that I can take the session in my own time when it suits me and at my own speed
Interaction with teachers and students. Makes me get work done 
You can ask question in real time, interact with others, debate just like in normal classes 
You can access it whenever you wish
You can watch at any time and don’t need to rely on WiFi to connect to group call
Keeps me engaged
I am able to do it in my own time whereas I had to make sure I was free for the seminars. 
Feels like I'm there
This is the most interactive mode of teaching and most closely resembles the in-person lectures/tutorials I had before classes were shifted online. 
Motivates me to do it at that time (instead of catching it up later) as it’s live as there can be a discussion alongside it
It’s easier to keep up to date if they’re live- not sure why but it works. And it also adds a bit more structure to my day which I like
It allows interaction with lecturer. 
More interaction and you can always ask for help immediately , see my classmates’ faces 
Instant questions and answers 
allows for better flow of questions and answers, more fluent and realistic way of learning. However it’s not time flexible— ie people from other time zones don’t get the benefits
It feels most like actual classes
Can go back and listen to them when needed/if stuck. Lecturers don't record the zoom classes. 
more face time
Interactive
Because you can ask the lecturers questions and it helps make seminars more interactive 
I would prefer the flexibility to teach myself as and when. Plus online lectures means that if you have a lecturer who isn’t very skilled it leads to several hours of wasted time trying to listen and learn from them
Easier to go through the course at your own pace
I can pause as many times as I like and take breaks etc, also I hate talking 😂
You’re getting live feedback/instant responses
This way would be like as if I would be attending the lecture at uni 
It’s all I have know n would like explore
I can go back over what I miss when writing notes by pausing or rewinding, so I can do it study In my own timings.
Forces me to engage. Anything otherwise and I would struggle to structure my work. 
It still feels like a real lecture, you can answer questions in real time and don’t have to bother waiting for an email reply 
I like being able to pause and go back to recover things I missed 
Can choose when to watch as opposed to having to remember it’s happening at a certain time
Because you can still have some form of live interaction with other students and the lecturer 
Interactive 
I can go back to them anytime and rewind if I need to
Get to ask questions in real time with the lecturer present rather than emailing them.
It allows me to go back and listen 
most "authentic" (chats with people etc)
Interactive but casual at the same time 
Can control the speed of tutor / able pause and rewind
The live interaction, being able to see faces and ask questions then and there instead of having to emailing them 
To able to get other people’s feedback and easier to be heard the knowledge of module and it is explained better
Allows better engagement and creates a more positive working atmosphere making everyone still feel connected and allows more time with tutors.
It’s the closest replacement to face to face teaching 
It makes me accountable and ensures I put aside enough time to really understand the content
Can pause/do when it suits you
Can give the full content without worrying about a time limit 
I can work at my own pace and timescale. It works around my employment and my free time. 
It’s easy to access, can pause and replay, less anxiety inducing than zoom and you can still email lecturers with any questions.
It’s nice to interact and makes me actually watch them. If they were recorded I would just put it off 
There is an opportunity for students to interact with other peers and the lecturer. 
More engaging & easier to ask questions/interact with lecturer and classmates 
I enjoy face to face learning better
Can stop and rewind if needed and can be done in my own time
I can get my questions answered at that given time!
Small-group teaching where you can discuss your thoughts and bounce ideas off your peers is always the most constructive, in my opinion! Also, I study foreign languages so it’s imperative to often be speaking and hearing them! 
You can get instant feedback on work, have communication to give you a sense of normality, and also as a music student it’s pretty tricky to do without it!
I can look at is as many times as I need to and transfer it into a form of learning of my choice which will help me absorb it better. I can also do it in my own time!
i find zoom calls very disengaging so i like to be able to go at my own pace with prerecorded content
More engaging
More interactive and easier to ask questions 
Allow us to do in our own time. Still allows material to be explained.  
I like to do it in my own time and be able to pause it to note take or re watch bits !! Live zoom calls are harder to stay focused on than if I can pause it and work through it at my own pace
It was the next best thing to actually being in a class. It makes it feel like the tutors care more if it is live! 
I like to work at my own pace, and then have the opporunity to ask questions in a seminar later, rather than rushing through notes in a live lecture 
Because it’s Live I feel like I’m being more engaged and active when listening to new material
You can engage with the others in your class
Most interactive way of online learning. 
Most similar to inclass, allows discussions to happen in front of everyone. 
It's more interactive and I find the whole class being there to ask and answer questions with eachother increases the effectiveness of the learning experience 
the ability to pause and write notes/take breaks 
Can watch in own time, can pause it whenever to make notes / re play, and dont have to see classmates who I might not like etc (avoid any anxieties etc surrounded by seeing people who you are now not having to see anymore)
Still interactive with your lecturer 
I get to work through the set tasks in my own time
I like to work through materials at my own pace. With ADHD it is hard to focus on a laptop screen for an hour especially watching live lectures 
Interaction , get to see and speak to class members 
Can interact with others and the lecturer if needed. Actually feels like a lecture unlike pre recorded ones.
Easier to work time around 
Live nature of it most resembles the normal version 
Lots of interaction, we can ask lecturers direct questions 
It's too easy to zone out in online classes so it's easier to just teach myself.
Connectivity, conversation, engaged learning 
Most similar to a normal class structure
Easier to speed up and listen to
Zoom has poor connection
Helps me maintain a routine and it feels more like normal lectures. 
Because it is the most effective one where it feels like a real lecture/seminar (though it most often doesn't)
More convinient and means I’m not waking up at 9am to see some 40 year old crusty man with obvious home issues due to the constant screaming in his house and His sons blatant disregard for his Work. It’s official, kids are dicks and chemists are betas 🥺
We have captured lectures today but I find the relationship with my lecturer here more distant. When I’m zoom  with my other course-mates and with small talk before with questions after there feels to be a convergence of the group.
Easier time wise and travel , I also love independently learning 
Can engage with content and ask questions 
It gives us the ability to ask questions and engage more with the class. Also, having it life makes it easier to not procrastinate since there’s a set time for class. 
Interactive
You can pause the video to keep up with note taking. You can rewatch a section of the video if you couldn't make out what they were saying the first time. You can go at your own pace.
Ability to ask questions and listen to other questions you might not have thought of 
For my language part of the course I prefer Zoom classes, as it can be more interactive. It is the same for seminars. However, I don’t mind recorded lectures for the business part of my degree.
There is something very intimidating about video calls, you also have to deal with privacy issues with calls and you have to inconvenience your family. A forum would be much easier
As you can interact with your lecturers and is more social - it's nice to see everyone whilst being isolated 
Makes you feel like you're still at uni and you're still part of a cohort, not just on your own studying.
Time to watch is more flexible 
i like seeing my tutors - it gives a sense of normality 
Can access in my own time. Can pause and stop to make notes as I go along and can google and do bits on more depth when it’s paused 
It is the most engaging.
It just makes it easier. The work is there ready to go and if you have questions you can google meet if you need to 
It is live, so easier to engage
I enjoy being able to watch at my pace and rewatch sections which can't be done in live classes. Due to a large class number it is hard to ask questions in the the live classes
You can ask questions on things you don’t understand and get more involved
Most interactive 
I’m at BOVTS doing an actor training and following this type of class then recording myself and sending it back to my tutors allows them to be as specific as they are in the room. When trying to correct 14 students over zoom it gets very vague.
It's useful to be able to ask questions, but this is only good if it's also recorded!! Incase you miss it/are in a different time zone etc
More interactive 
It is the closest to how teaching would usually be
Feels the most like normal university 
Can access at any time and can watch lectures multiple times which can help with assignments.
I am able to ask questions there and then with no delay. I find it more interesting and it is easier to concentrate if the lecturer is right there.
From all the options it is the one that represents more closely the university experience
increases engagement and helps with loneliness . Also replicated my university experience easily 
More interactive 
I like to still have the designated time by the university to be in front of the computer for my session. I like live classes also because you can take your doubts at the exact time you are learning.
Can interact live. If you don’t understand something you can post a comment and the tutor will reply there and then rather than having to wait for a response. 
It’s great if the lectures are live because it motivates you to get up if it’s an early one, also if I have any questions I don’t need to email my lecturer I can just ask it in the chat. 
It best simulates a real classroom. My classes are usually small compared to most, maybe 10 people, as I study languages so having this simulated is really important. It allows real-time questions and for us to practice key skills (ie spoken language) in a way no other format would
Video calls really slow any discussions down. Natural discussions don’t really occur in the way they should 
You get to engage with the professors live, so you can ask any burning questions there and then before you forget!
Because you can still ask questions and interact as closely to how a lesson would normally work 
I actually like a mixture of zoom meetings with materials i can look at
More discussion allowed, smaller class sizes
Still get to engage with supervisors in small group settings- the most important way if learning at Cambridge
It enables us to be interactive and ability to ask questions if need be 
I can watch in my own time and make notes at my own pace 
The live classes were mainly 'check in' sessions with group work but nobody spoke in them or had their cameras on so it was really awkward and a waste of time. However with recorded lectures, I could listen to what I needed to, write notes and then email lecturers if I had any questions.
most engaging
Greater interaction with the lecturer, and mirrors face to face learning the best 
Because you are able to ask any questions during the class. they split us into study rooms so we can talk with our course mates about the topic we are learning about which helps with understanding it. 
Freedom to express and listen to opinions
For Lectures I prefer recordings and for seminar Zoom Meetings. Recordings are more time efficient for lectures and pausing them can help you take good notes. 
Feels the most like human contact
Prefer having a two way dialogue
Can access whenever you want
A lot of stuff can be left out on emails and there are delays when you ask a question and need an answer. A video call is great because its live and you can ask and answer questions there and then. It also makes you feel less alone, being on call with your class and lecturer.
Not only are you able to get some sort of face-to-face teaching, but you also have a chance to see how people are coping
It makes me feel like I'm part of a community & connected with people. It allows us to ask questions in real time. Teachers respond to you and that makes me feel seen. 
It seems the most ‘Normal’ as you can see the lecturer and other course mates 
It is less stressful because you can go at your own pace and not worry about making noise or your camera accidentally being on during a live lecture 
Flexibility 
Easy to access whenever suits me
Because you have to get prepared for the class and contribute in real time. In case of, recorded lectures on online material you don’t do it or do it last minute, usually 
I have an interactive degree so it’s better for conversation on a topic 
The content is better and more well thought out I think. And means I can go back over some stuff, pause it, replay it etc
I think a wider range of content can be given and you can digest it better 
It’s more interactive. You can hold discussions more easily.
Recorded lectures makes me procrastinate
Makes you feel less isolated
We can still talk and discuss a topic or area.
You can ask questions if you are unsure of the content 
I like the fact i can pause the lecture if i’ve missed something or change the speed for lecturers who have speak too fast or slow.
Class participation
Because i get the same experience as I would in my uni classes in person 
Because it allows me to rewind and take notes at my own pace.
Can catch up on it whenever is suitable
It’s interactive and the best substitute for a real lesson. 
Can make interactive videos, with checkpoint quizzes etc, which we can rewind if we don’t understand - learn at own pace
I can go through at my own pace, and can email/ chat over zoom if I have further questions.
Because 1 to 1 tutorials are the main teaching method on my course (product design) and with live chats I can get a lot more info out of my tutors 
It allows me to still get the input from the lecture if I wasn’t able to attend the live video (which has often been the case!)
Get live response to questions asked and is more interactive.
Because I probably wouldn’t watch recorded lectures or engage with forums/chats
Because anything that is close to face to face teaching is best. I go to Cambridge so face to face study is pretty much integral to the teaching style of the course. It is a much less limiting form of communication and conversations and learning is much easier to conduct. 
I learn best from reading and writing and because I have time to think and I express myself better through written word, however I understand and value the skill of speaking and presenting ideas in real time, so in-person classes are important in that regard.
Easier to stay focus 
free to do at your own time, don’t have to be “in class” at a specific time in order to learn which is difficult currently 
They can explain things on the spot. We dont have to then bombard their email with questions if they recorded a lecture in advance.
You can do it in your own time 
I feel like I'm getting more out of uni. I'm more likely to do the work, listen, take part, if I have to be there for a lecture
This way I can ask my lecturers questions and get the answers immediately.
Less pressure to be available at a specific time 
I can do it at any time and if I have questions I can book a tutorial later on. It gives me more flexibility.
It feels a bit more close to not online lessons, being able to see the teachers and classmates helps a bit. 
You get live feedback on work and can easily ask all questions and don’t have to wait for a response. Also feels the most natural to what it was like before. I mainly had group tutorials before so we had the same groups in the Zooms
Live interaction with teachers and peersp 
I can get direct feedback on my work, and I can concentrate much better when I’m being engaged with and can actually discuss topics, whereas I find it difficult to stick through recorded lectures when I could stop at any time. 
It still allows students to have the close interaction with lecturers and teachers in seminars that I find so important when learning 
I can do it in my own time and complete then at my own pace. The live workshops we had were just awkward and kinda messy and I didn’t get much from them. 
More interaction 
easier to ask questions 
Face to face 
More opportunities to share opinions & group discussion with a tutor
You feel like you can ask questions anytime rather than a recorded lecture
It allows us to have our tutorials and classes pretty much as normal 
Because you can ask questions in real time and speak to your peers 
My degree requires the level of interaction that can only be mimicked through zoom
It’s the format closest to my usual method of teaching (in person seminars) 
Live classes
I’m an essential worker so being able to fit study around work and work around study is important 
Because you can see what the lecturer is presenting and how they elaborate on different points
You’re able to apply your learning and most importantly interact with other people, asking questions, sharing ideas, debating etc. It makes me more accountable for my learning. 
Feels more like lectures
More interactive/personal - more like the real thing
Conducted in the time I would actually be at uni normally 
I have quite intense anxiety which was made worse by the lockdown, the pressure of having to log on and speak online to other students, most of which I hadn’t met because it was a new module, was nerve-wracking ! I barely like phone calls to people I already know so having to do online seminars with a new teacher and new class really affected my mental health. Like when the teacher asked if we had questions, I felt to nervous and anxious to turn my mic on, so ended up dealing with any issues over email anyway. A lot of what we dealt with in class easily could’ve been done through materials emailed to us and teacher feedback rather than awkwardly waiting for someone to speak in the online classroom. Mostly I’d prefer the emails and forums due to my anxiety but also because I can easily re-access that content if I need it.
At home it’s harder to keep to specific times especially with the stress of Covid-19, would have been good to have the lectures recorded.
Always the opportunity to go back over when it comes to revision and especially given the fact I had 24 hour “take home” exams, whereas you don’t have that with live classes / zoom. Just more helpful in my opinion
Easier to ask questions and learning is more tailored to specific needs 
I can select when I take the class to suit my brain (I’m not a morning person, but am allocated to morning classes) 
Just as effective as in person learning
You can contribute more information this way. Oftentimes as a quieter person I find it hard to speak up without being able to make physical cues ie putting hand up etc. This way I can contribute without feeling like I’m saying too much or interrupting other people.
It replicates physical classes most closely, and you feel more connected with the others in your group and what you are learning.
Zoom/live meetings are very tiring and you have to fully concentrate for the whole duration, whilst recorded lectures you can pause and go at your own speed
It’s the closest to a classroom setting
able to ask questions and interact
More interaction, and forces you to pay more attention so retention of information is higher 
They’re interactive and easy to ask questions or raise concerns within. I think they mimic the classroom atmosphere the best too.
It forces me to be interactive, and gives my day more structure than a lecture that I could procrastinate watching.
Complete the lectures when they are set, can ask questions and interact, puts some structure into the day
Can be accessed in your own time
Easy to rewatch or pause if needed
Keeps me having a schedule and not having to rely on my self motivation to find time to take the class.
I study illustration as my core subject - therefore explaining and discussing my work verbally is very important.
you can access it any time 
Immediate feedback
It’s most interactive and helps with holding yourself accountable 
You can engage with the teacher and have interesting discussions.
Recorded videos along uploaded materials 
I think it's easier to communicate with fellow peers, lecturers and other university lecturers. Zoom can be too hectic sometimes and it's hard to get your point across. So doing it through a chat, you can receive a better response. 
Ask question with live feedback
it still feels similar to what university was like before hand therefore not unsettling 
You get immediate feedback and benefit from interacting with other students. 
Sometimes miss important live information. 
I enjoy the interaction and acting seeing people’s faces, live!
Much easier to ask questions and get assistance
Because they are more in-depth, clearly having more time spent on them (all are pre-recorded from last year). In live chats there can be buffering/no audio/audio from students watching programs.
It doesnt rely on a strong internet connection on both ends, no interruptions & can be used to revisit a topic
More interactive, can easily ask questions, feels more personal, not robotic
More convenient and open to less technology errors etc
Because you can interact with your lecturers/ class mates, ask questions and it makes it seem more real. Pre-recorded lectures leave me with minimal motivation and don’t feel like I am completing my degree. 
More interactive
More likely to be engaged in the work and get direct feedback
You’re able to apply your learning and most importantly interact with other people, asking questions, sharing ideas, debating etc. It makes me more accountable for my learning. 
There is a chance for interaction and also a higher motivation to keep up the timetable and participate. 
Easier to follow and look back on
It is more interactive 
Able to ask questions and get immediate response \nRemember the content more effectively
It forces you to show up and not procrastinate 
I get to see and interact with my course mates and facilitator
More personal 
I can complete it in my own time, but it is still talked through and explained properly by an expert 
Interaction, you HAVE to be there, if it’s optional I won’t do it 
Learning can actually take place within a class environment 
Because it’s more interactive 
It is a lot more convenient for me to study on my own time. 
Interactive and engaging 
It is more engaging and stops procrastination as much.
It allows us to work in our own time frame, but I think this form works best in conjunction with recorded lectures or zoom lectures and seminars/classes. 
More interaction, easier to question at that exact moment than after the lecture, hear others views and opinions on the topic 
more interactive and engaging, more likely to actually do the lecture
Because I can always recheck the lecture and rewatch what I don’t understand 
Can look back on it and also can watch any time 
Can rewind 
I don’t like being in a video chat 
More personal and effective especially if you have questions 
Have to connect at a specific time so helps to maintain routine, more engaging
More engaging and interesting 
I engage more in my learning that way 
Provides more structure to studying, and has the possibility for group discussion and collaboration 
Forces me to stick to a routine and it’s a more interactive way of learning 
It is the only ones which involve actual interaction
I’m in more control of when I do it 
Most life like interaction, more motivate when class is live 
Can be done on my own time and can look through the lectures if missed a part etc 
We can engage as well and we can ask questions in real time
More motivation 
Forces you to do the work and get to see classmates 
More interaction between professor and students
Because you can ask questions As you are being taught as soon as you are unsure about something and receive a face to face response 
I prefer to have live interactions with lecturers and other students. pre recorded lectures restrict the two-way teaching that live lectures offer. 
More interaction available and forces you to stick to a routine 
I find it harder to motivate myself to join a live class than just watching recordings or discussion forums - it just makes me more anxious but i didn’t have that problem when actually going to lectures/seminars 
People can ask questions to the lecture and the lecture can ask us questions. Also they can see that you have went to it. 
I can rewatch the videos whenever I need to and can pause it and do it at my own pace
It creates the closest environment to studying physically at the university I go to. I feel like recorded lectures feel so informal and don't create a structure so having live chats make my weeks more structured
Easier to share ideas with other students and immerse yourself in the subject. It can be difficult to focus entirely on a task when you are just reading or listening to a lecture, but being asked to engage with other students and contribute to a group discussion really aids active learning. 
Most like a normal lecture/seminar
it is more engaging for it to be live and also a way of staying a part of the community
I feel like it’s more interactive and it helps me pay attention as doing work from home allows me to be distracted more easily
most like being in actual lectures
I find it more time efficient, I learn better from reading than listening to a lecture 
I can do it in my own time.
I can do it in my own time 
Helps to keep a schedule and it is more like in person teaching with opportunity to ask questions. 
Opportunity for live discussion, replication of seminar environment
Easy access and can watch whenever and again 
More engaging and makes the learning process easier
Creates a sort of routine
Ensures you actually do the lecture rather than thinking “it’ll be there anyways so I’ll do it in my own time”
You can always refer back to the material, you aren’t under pressure to write everything down as the lecturer in saying it and can instead focus on the material. I also find that I can cover lecture material quicker independently compared to if classes were live where you can’t skip certain elements which you understand/find easier.
Can watch it in my own time and skip the bits I know
I am able to ask questions there and then
I can do the work in my own time
Because you can interact with others as opposed to just watching lectures 
Live classes fee more interactive 
The recordings can be accessed multiple times, paused, and slowed if needed. They also have much fewer disruptions versus love lectures as are not affected by poor connection etc. 
Easy to go back over
Still receiving the same amount of detail (if not more) as we would in normal face-to-face lectures & can also pause and play to make more detailed notes/get a better understanding of the topic 
it forces the students to engage with the material
So i don’t bave to be on camera
Because I can do it in my own time 
I can ask questions in real time 
It forces me to do it! The virus and the situation has really demotivated me with my learning and all my lectures are recorded and uploaded, and as we haven't been having seminars to discuss the topics, I just haven't done any work!!
I am able to go through the material at my own pace.
Because it allows you to interact more in the class and ask any questions that you have straight away rather than having to email the lecturer and wait for a response
closer to normal teaching
It is more interactive and engaging, I am also able to ask questions whilst covering the material
I would actually engage with the class if it was live, but it takes me forever to watch a recorded lecture. 
Gives me more structure to my day
Can go through in my own time and pause 
I can learn in my own time and when is convenient for me 
there’s no distraction of other students, plus my lecturers have been pretty great in their online vids and I feel totally comfortable to email them questions if i have any!
You get to ask questions as you go through the content 
It’s more interactive and fun. I’m doing veterinary so it’s nice that during the practical time we can still watch people demonstrating the practicals live where we can instruct them what to do!
Can re wind and rewatch
More interactive and opportunity to ask questions. Much more engaging also
It’s almost like a real lecture (PowerPoint and lecturer talking) but can pause it so have as much time as needed to make notes 
We get to have actual interactions with both our tutors and course mates. Whilst obviously not being able to receive our proper education, it’s the best next thing.
You can ask questions and have a discussion 
You can work at your own pace and pause the video if you want to make more notes.
Our university used a combination of live sessions (which I couldn't attend because I was ill), recorded lessons and uploaded/emailed resources. Recorded lectures have a simmilar feeling to live classes, as the professor is able to explain the material at far more depth than just through PowerPoints/word documents, but I could still ask questions via email/forum on brights pace. 
I can interact with the lecturer and other students. Allows for 2 way communication. These sessions should also be recorded for students who can't be at the live session. 
I’m an aural learner and really rely on the non-verbal cues of a live session to be able to fully understand a concept. I also only remember things after I’ve discussed them and a recording completely takes that away
Allows it to be done in own time
More engaging
Easy to access and can be done anywhere/anytime 
Because it gives us a space to work on problems in breakout groups which isn't always possible in a large lecture theatre
The obligation to attend 
Have face to face contact with people
It feels more like normal university lectures 
More interactive 
I some times struggle being able to get the recorded lectures up
Best simulates in person teaching that I’m used to
Because it would be easier to ask a question or interact with the content.
I can rewatch anything I don’t understand and can watch at my own speed. 
I can work through it in my own time. It is way less pressurised. 
Better interaction
Interactivity, motivation
Can ask questions with immediate response and input from other students 
Interactive, more engaging 
I can do things in my own time 
Interactive and ability to ask questions and receive an answer as you go 
I am able to focus more and there is no temptation to just switch it off and become unfocused because you’re having to be actively involved 
I find live teaching much more interactive and engaging. I also find it more pressured (in a good way) than pre-recorded lectures so I am more focused 
For me, live classes are a lot more engaging a can be more interactive than recorded materials. It makes me feel more motivated and encourages me to take part and keep up with my studies.
More personal 
You can ask questions and be asked questions, feels far more interactive 
Can watch at my own pace when I want
As a deaf student, I find it hard to have live sessions or recorded lectures without any subtitles or transcript. There fore I prefer uploaded materials as there is not speech or audio required
Flexible to fit into my own schedule and more familiar learning
All the relevant information was provided and audio made it feel like the actual lectures as much as it could 
still like lectures but easier to interact
It is the closest alternative to my regular class hours (e.g. seminars). I feel more engaged and I have a set timetable to keep to.
Easy to access and includes all the information for that class
Live teaching allows you to get into a routine 
Can access in your own time but option to contact your professor is still possible
Can easily pause/skip through/speed up/slow down to tailor to my own note taking
Can work through them at your own pace
I find it difficult to be productive at specific time’s when learning from home, so I believe that recorded lectures allow you to work when the individual is at their most productive and subsequently produce the best work they can. This also helps to reduce to pressure and stress put on students especially at this time. 
The recorded lectures were never uploaded at the time of the lecture so my schedule disappeared straight away which made it hard to do the work. Zoom lectures would be at a certain time and more interactive 
Interactive teaching provides all the important social parts of education that recorder lectures can’t. 
Easier to follow 
Easy to keep up with and can be done at your own speed
Recorded lectures 
Face to face teaching is so important, and I believe it was the English Poet Coleridge who once said “teaching is better discussed”.
I don’t have to study at a particular time which makes my day more flexible. 
Because it’s more interactive and makes me more accountable for my learning! We were given prerecorded lectures from the year before, so I wasn’t as focused on doing it as I should’ve been.
Can access it at any time and can come back to it
Accessible at any time; can pause and rewind
It is easier to take in the information and ask for clarification.
In depth explanation of the topic
Otherwise i just zone out and get distracted 
It’s more interactive 
i can pause the lectures and learn at my own pace 
More interactive and engaging. Also more up to date info as we have been given last years recordings for most lectures 
Interactive, can ask questions more easily
More accountable, time managed 
You can pause the lecture,  rewind it etc until you understand it
Communication much better
Required attendance makes me more engaged
Can complete at any time thars best convenient, and also is more clear than emailed material or a discussion on forum
Because it is more engaging and allows you to interact more and ask questions live. 
More engaging if live 
As it gives my days a somewhat schedule 
Can do it in your own time at your own pace
Feels more like a lecture if it is live and also then makes me feel more like we are getting what we paid for in terms of teaching time 
More interactive, allowing me to stay focused. 
As they’re more interactive you don’t get as distracted!! 
I am more of an active learner
Because it’s easy to access at any time, and find the information I need at my own pace.
Feel like it would be more engaging and motivating. 
More interactive and engaging 
Encourage participation and increases motivation to listen 
Much more digestible and engaging - it feels like I am participating in a more active learning
My uni professors didn’t make it as engaging as it could be on a live lecture with discussion 
This mode of teaching allows me to watch (and rewatch) lecture content at my own pace, whenever I want 
I get anxious with live calls but still find the interaction helpful
I can study at my own pace and go back to check specific concepts 
Can pause/go back and write detailed notes and it always there so you don’t have to do it straight away 
Less awkward and can attain more information 
Better to engage with and do in your own time 
Gets me motivated to do work
Active engagement with others
It's easier rather than trying to have 150+ people into one class
Flexibility to learn material at own time 
It allows me to pause/rewind lectures so I can take more comprehensive notes.
No commitment to a specific time and no chance of being called on unexpectedly 
Can access it whenever I want and was able to binge my lectures to get ahead giving me more revision time 
Can do at your own pace and doesn't put you on the spot. Also doesn't require webcam/mic/reliable wifi like a live class would 
Can pause and rewind when needed
Helps to interact/engage without pressure to join at live times (although live q&a’s are also good to know when we can get real time feedback without having to wait for email responses etc)
Because you can watch and pause at your own leisure, when distracted you can pause rather than miss material
Do it on my own time
More interactive 
More interactive 
Puts less pressure on having to do live work and can keep to your own timetable
Allows for more engagement as with recorded lectures you can't ask questions or you lose focus 
I can watch lectures back whenever it is convenient for me, and if I forget anything they’re good for revision and less tedious than looking through a forum or reading the material. (The live lectures I would normally have are for 250+ people so interaction was limited anyway, which is why I chose recorded lecture)
More interactive 
It is interactive but without the pressure of being live
Easier to engage and closer to the in-person experience I am used to. 
Actually interacting with the lecturer and can ask questions and discuss the topics rather than passively watching a lecture which is extremely difficult / complex without the opportunity for questions etc
Live feedback from lecturers 
It’s more engaging.
Can watch the lectures when it is most convenient for you 
I can complete the work at my own pace
It is a million times more engaging than a recorded lecture that I just fall asleep during. Forces me to keep a routine, and get some good old social interaction too.
It’s better than just having the lecture slides uploaded but easier than having to do a zoom class
Can do it in a schedule that works best for me
It was all I we were given
You can ask questions live and it’s easier to engage 
Able to communicate with lecturers and other students easier 
Allows me to go back and pause whenever I don’t understand something 
Someone explaining it to me with the aid of lecture slides allows me to retain, absorb and understand the content so much more
I think I am able to focus more.
Microsoft teams
I don’t like online calling it’s too formal I prefer larger classes
It forces me to attend and be active. With recorded videos or uploaded notes I find myself passively reviewing without engaging in the new material.
More interaction that recorded lectures
Easy to ask for clarification and questions. More engagement required.
You can do the work at your own pace and fully understand it before moving onto the next lecture. Also if the wifi is bad that day, then i can watch it another day whereas i would have missed the live class which would be bard to catch up. 
I am able to replay parts of the lecture I do not understand. 
Can do it at your own pace
Allows me to watch the lectures at my own pace and the audio and visuals help me to understand the topics. 
More interactive
It means there is still face to face time to ask questions rather than it being lost in a podcast
It is the most engaging for my degree (Sociology) so allows for discussion
it gives me freedom in when i can learn
Able to interact with the lecturer or tutor and ask questions as we would do in a normal lecture
Because we still get to interact and discuss with other students 
Feels more personal, can ask questions, nice to interact with lecturers/classmates during these isolated times, schedules love classes add structure to my days/weeks
It's more engaging that watching a lecture
It is closer to a classroom enviroment, and let's me ask questions.\n
It’s more interactive and motivates you to do the work when you know you have to attend a scheduled live lecture or seminar 
Allows interaction with other students and staff, I feel less alone at home, allows more questions to be asked, mostly nice to have other interactions, keeps me to a schedule more than recorded lectures
It means you can interact, and hold you accountable if you actually have to speak to someone! 
More interactive, and able to ask questions
Can go over it more than once
You do not have to participate in a live video recording. 
more interactive, feels like more worth for money
I can do them at any time 
Get to work through questions
you can ask questions
Quite often on live classes on Zoom etc there were delays/ connection issues. Although it’s harder to discuss things on pre recorded lectures, it’s easier to understand all the info. 
Makes me accountable. It is also a more structured type because you can’t do it at another time. The recorded classes take a lot more motivation. 
Can pause and rewind to create more detailed notes
You can actually discuss things with the professor.
Almost human interaction
We also used live classes for some purposes and I found it very awkward a lot of the time. Attendance was often poor and engagement was low. There were a lot of awkward silences and pauses. Recorded lectures mean I can do everything at my own pace. 
Can ask questions 
I like the being told and explained information directly to me, and I can watch it whenever I like. 
For interaction with lecturers and peers
More engaging and forces you to attend/pay attention
Because it would motivate me to get up\nAnd do the lecture. Pre recorded things that I get now are boring and just plain unhelpful\n
it's more interactive and feels normal like face to face lecturing. 
I don't like the idea of being called upon
I enjoy being able to learn at my own pace & have the ability to rewatch material
Much more interactive
Offline studying only 
You can chose to complete the lecture at a time which is good for you and you can pause or replay sections to ensure you understand the lecture.
I don’t like any of these methods 
We can watch these whenever, so it can easily work around our daily routine and accommodates for student’s preferred time of study (morning people, etc.) Also allows for us to pause the video if lecturers are speaking too quickly which is so great!! So many detailed notes can be transcribed  
Get a chance to engage with the material, hear others opinions
Uncomfortable with live classes
I prefer a mixture of all methods but recorded aids note taking
More interactive and engaging. Adds structure and routine to studying at home. 
I feel more inclined to stick to my timetable and I’m less likely to get distracted by my phone etc. 
You can go over it at your own speed and watch it at any time 
Can learn at my own pace
I can take notes and rewind at my own pace to retain the information much better
Because it allows interactions with the lecturers and feels less distant and disconnected. 
It is the main one used
Because this and discussion chats were the only two used and the discussion chats were pointless 
It is more up to date than old recordings and best replicates the normal uni experience 
Answers get immediate response and nice to just see people’s faces!!!
More motivating 
I like going through lectures in my own time. I did this before the virus as well. I would go to my lecture then go through the recording afterwards.
Get the most for what you are paying for 
Because you actually get to engage more with the class /activity 
Can ask questions in real time
It allows me to pause, rewind, keep and fully take in the content
Can be done at any time 
More interactivr
I love interacting and it helps me remember the material more
Can get an answer straight away if you don't understand, feel more engaged 
More interaction and can ask questions when you think of them rather then through email which can take more time. The vibe is more similar to being in an actual classroom.
Our lectures were always recorded, so I usually watch them instead of attending it, as I could watch it in 2x speed and honestly also, the lecture halls at LSE are really uncomfortable  
It feels more similar to the actual thing 
Live  classes
More interactive and holds attention better 
No social interaction
Live classes and discussion forms cause anxiety, recorded lectures are boring- prefer to do more independent study closer to exam
More room for engagement, easier to stay focused 
Can watch them again  
Can do on own time
I think it is important to discuss with peers- there is lots of detail to learn with my course (medicine) so it is useful to discuss in order to maximise understanding
Can chat to people on course freely (perhaps whilst the lecturer/seminar leader is speaking?) without any issues with delayed video or audio/pressure.
Online lectures don’t help and the online materials makes it easier to do alone 
Although my university is in the UK, I am an international student so the time zone is different. 
You can take the lesson at your own pace
You are more engaged when a lecture is live, and much more likely to attend the lecture instead of just having a pre-recorded lecture that you can view at any time.
Its kept the same as what we had at uni. At my uni we didn't have discussions or seminars etc just lectures
I am not confident video calling on platforms such as Microsoft Teams etc but I find listening to a lecture is useful.
Engaging and keeps routine to my life.
Convenient, easy to follow, no set times so can be done whenever 
More interactive, more interesting and keeps you engaged!
I like to be able to listen to the recording at my own pace and go back to things I miss or don’t understand. 
It gives structure to my day rather than uploading a lecture that can be worked through tat any point.
Able to interact with lecturer and other students 
Fewer technical problems and all the information is definitely given
Live questions. More engagement. Feel closer to teacher and fellow students. 
Not tied down to a specific time/can organise your own timetable. Also I would find online classes a bit nerve-wracking, and my internet connection is poor.
The can speed it up 
Because since it is pre recorded you can pause it or rewind it to re-listen to anything you might’ve missed or to take in more detail 
You can complete work at your own pace 
More engaging, have to stay alert and involved
means you can do the lesson at any time suitable for you and refer back to it when confused 
Can be referred back to at any time 
More discussion, actually get to see people
More interactive 
Questions answered as I think of them 
Can work at your own pace. Can pause if you don’t understand something. Can work whenever you like without.
Can pause and rewind 
Allows me to actually interact with the professors as most of the recorded lectures are from pervious years 
Easy to follow whenever I feel like it. 
More direct contact with experts - I can get into the material more easily.
It means that I can do the lectures in my own time and i find this the easiest to follow
Recorded lectures allow you to go back over content you have missed/helps to understand in more detail.
More interactive and makes me engage better 
The accessibility when it is flexible to you, when you’re studying your undergrad but also committed to other training etc. It is much easier to access.
You can watch lecture in your own time
Would give me more incentive to work
I do some spanish classes so live classes are the only way to practice speaking with the other members of the class.
Most interactive and gives you the most valuable experience closest to what you would normally experience. I feel like engagement is easier to measure and focus’s my attention more than recorded lectures
It works around when I have time to do things/ doesn’t require me to be at a desk at a certain specific time
As it requires constant attention 
We got to watch the lectures that were recorded last year, but to me it feels like the lecturer spent less time on the course. However, we got to ask questions during GTA sessions which made it more personal too.
Less awkwardness that surrounds online classes
we can answer in our own time, but still get feedback from lecturer and read what other people think as well
Because you can actually interact with each other and ask questions - much more personable
I find it more engaging 
I think where it is all so new when we have had ‘live’ stuff it has just not be very well prepared- whereas recorded lectures seem much more like normal reality for me as all our lectures are recorded any way 
Can watch in your own time- more information.
Live is more interactive than pre-recorded
Can do it in my own time and routine 
Engage more with content, ability to ask questions, seeing course mates.
Much more engaging and esiaer to concentrate and take more out of the lecture.
More personal interaction and can offer more guidance 
feel like i actually have to do the work instead of putting it off for ages
More comprehensive information, can always email the lecturers any questions, inclusive to those in different time zones
As much as interaction is important in a time like this is, myself and other students don’t enjoy the idea of being on screen with other classmates and our lecturers. This is the personal preference for many in my course as it also allows us to study/learn when the time is right for us also.
Interactive and at a set time
As my online lecture/videos are online and aren’t live I’m able to choose when I want to watch a video and take notes. This is preferable as being at home means I get so much more distracted than at uni so being able to work around my day and plan when I want to watch lectures is perfect for me.
More interactive and engaging
Most similar to in person lectures
Can do at anytime
Allows interaction, but not face to face on camera at a certain time that might not work with time zones. 
You can do the work in your own time. I feel like you are learning more - processing a larger quantity of information 
I can work at my own pace 
We haven't had anything different for me to gain another preference, but we have had record lectures since the beginning of my degree (I’m a second year) and they work really well as you can pause the lecture and speed up/skip anything you want, our lecturers are also always available to email in a question you have from the lecture 
More engaging, less easily distracted
It means I can work through them in my own time and at a pace where it doesn't overwhelm me.
It allows for me to be able to access the materials at a time that is most suitable to me. I think this really caters to students with learning disabilities or caring duties that find it difficult to attend live classes. I also think the ability to pause and go back over materials as many times as needed is a big advantage. I find the flow of lectures extremely fast pased and struggle to keep up with the information, so this mode of learning is perfect. 
Engaging, a certain time to do the work
It delivers the facts in a direct way.
Much more engaging, ability to ask questions 
Recreates the experience of tutorials better 
More interactive and it doesn’t make it as easy to switch off and get distracted 
Can take my time
Easy to access when you want
Interactive, see the person
Allows you to engage with others and also forces you into a routine 
Allows me to ask questions more easily 
Because it’s just like being in an lecture and it’s recorded so can pause and play 
I’m more flexible with my job in a supermarket 
More interactive which forces you to be more present 
Lecturer able to interact in real-time and far more engaging form of learning 
We weren’t able to have this but I feel that if we had Zoom calls I would’ve had more of a structure thus feeling more motivated 
Feels like you are there, more engaging.
More engaging and can ask questions and get an answer in real time
Being able to hear & see what I’m learning at the same time helps me retain information better
It is more interactive than recorded lectures because you are able to ask questions on the spot 
Can be done at anytime and can be paused etc
Better interaction with materials in course
More interactive and interesting/engaging 
Forced to focus for the set amount of time and it is timetabled
As it holds you accountable to stick to a routine and keep on top of lectures instead of getting behind on the pre recorded ones
More engaging and easier to keep a routine 
It’s as close to face to face teaching you’ll get
Can do it at a time which suits you and can email your professor individually if you do not understand 
Interactive, set time instead of wherever which means i actually end up doing it
Allows us to engage with the content and other students, able to ask the lecturer questions there and then 
It’s more interactive. 
Get to interact with the lecturer live and you HAVE to turn up at the right time
More independent 
I can pause it/slow down/speed up ehich allows me to take it at my own pace and ensure i fully understand everything . Also means i can take breaks. Also if i am in high productivity mode, can get through a lot. But if not, less! But eith timetabled sessions if I am not in a productive/good mood then its just tough luck
Gives me more time to work at my own pace and reflect on the content
Can just to do them at a time that suits
Gives structure to my week having timetabled lectures as normal and allows quick and easy interaction with my lecturer which helps gain a deeper understanding of things I may struggle on
Look back 
More interactive and useful for feedback
Watching recorded lectures is very tedious/ boring and easy to get distracted 
Keeps my attention, can’t get distracted 
Can access at any time
easier to ask questions
Being able to see each other’s faces, and interact. Feels like actual progress rather than passive learning. 
More interactive 
It means that I’m actively learning instead of watching a premade lecture from before
There are available whenever I want to use them. 
More interactive 
Allows me to engage with the content and other students 
I have to work so live classes would not be practical 
Involves engagement and can ask for help. 
Less pressure 
I can work through the lectures at my own pace. 
Able to engage with the lecture so it feels closer to “normal” pre covid lecture. Having a modules delivered in a variety of way I’ve enjoyed this the most. I also like that we’re all in zoom together and that it gives a structure to an otherwise unstructured day. 
I like the interaction element as I feel that's where I can best develop my ideas.
It is more up to date than previously recorded lectures and gives us the opportunity to ask questions.
Time for actual engagement
You can do it in your own time. As they’re recorded you can pause and rewind so that you don’t miss anything. 
Lectures
Discussion of content
It provides structure to the week, it makes learning varied, eg listening and watching a video as supposed to just reading content. It’s nice to have some live contact for lectures and ask questions in ‘real time’.
more interaction and prompted scheduling
Makes me actually do it and it's nice to see other people
More active learning like if it was in person. Forces you to attend instead of having to self motivate to watch the lecture streams 
It makes taking detailed notes easier, as I can take the lecture at my own pace and pause where needed. It is also easier to fit into a schedule, as I am not at the behest of someone else’s routine
Can repeat parts of the lecture if needed 
Interactivity 
I study english and history, so i really value real time discussion which gets me thinking in ways i otherwise would never. sadly this is not the main form of classes.
Zoom
You can go back over material in your own time and repeat areas that are harder to understand 
Interactive
ALONGSIDE recorded material for help with it. Like being able to get in w it by muself
I can pause the video whenever to write notes
Because you have to do it at a certain time. Feels more normal and creates a routine. When watching lectures back it’s easy to pause and get distracted but if it’s live you have to focus 
Gives an opportunity to ask questions straight away when they arise instead of having to email later 
clear answers given and can complete at a time convenient for you 
Feedback is available, and you can see other students’ responses - good for engagement and feeling part of things again. Less anxiety inducing than zoom (which causes an artificial social atmosphere that is difficult to get around, and it’s easy to feel more ‚put on the spot‘). Also can be done at any time, which is useful since it is largely impossible to keep to any kind of tight regulated schedule like it is when actually studying in uni.
More interaction and discussion
because you can talk through questions and get other people’s views on topics 
I can watch and learn at my own pace
More interactive usually smaller groups and feels much more informative and engaging
Encourages me to be present and engage more with the content
Online/recorded lectures can be very dry. Uploaded or emailed content allows you to take your own time and digest the material at your own speed. It’s also easier to do extra reading and research along with the work.
Flexible hours as I’ve been working for the nhs whilst doing my online uni work
Enables you to get the same level of detailed teaching, full richness as if you attended but you can pause and replay at leisure, good for writing up. Only draw back is a lecture now takes me 2 hours rather than 1 😂
Can do the work at a time suitable for me, can take breaks when I feel they are needed. 
Because it feels most like a normal lecture 
I feel more motivated to study, just having pre recorded lectures feels pointless 
Ask can ask questions during the lectures and receive answers, where as if pre recorded have to email and is a longer process.
I find seminar group more beneficial that lectures
It's more engaging 
It’s as interactive as you can get with the online system, and I learn best through interaction with teachers and peers.
Allows for forced engagement and ‘there and then’ help from lecturers.
I don’t need to be stressed about it being live
Can do it at whatever time 
Interactive and gives instant answers to problems. 
I like being able to do things when I feel like, and being able to actually work through things help me understand them 
It's a more active approach to learning, promoting engagement and participation. Plus, you can see your coursemates and lecturers! 
I like how you can pause and rewind the video when you don't understand something (or if my mind has started wandering) so you can play it back again
Compared to if they did the lectures live I can do the lectures when it suits me rather than at a set time, it means I can also get ahead as well because all the lectures were uploaded at once. 
Live classes are much more engaging, with the recorded lecture the lecturer speaks so quickly that it is hard to grasp the concepts. 
I am shy, and have an anxiety disorder so live classes are difficult for me since I feel exposed 
There is opportunity to re-learn the content of not understood properly by looking at recorded lectures. 
I find it easier in this time to work at my own pace, and I am more of a visual learner
I like how it is similar to our normal teaching style when we're at uni. 
Because the educators can discuss issues real time 
allows me to pause and go back when needed
I can watch them in my own time instead of during scheduled timetabling, and there is less risk of having connectivity issues like there might be during a live lecture. 
Your not pressured on time when it may be hard to get on with stuff in a home environment.\n
I can watch at my own pace
You can watch them in your own time and schedule your own day
Can go at my own pace, at a convenient time\n
Lecturers are there to talk to, and you don’t have to wait for an email.
can do at any time
It is easier to raise any concerns with the module, particularly in small class modules.
It’s more flexible than live classes but emulates what normal lectures would be like really well.
Can rewatch and pause to go at my own pace
Easier to digest by myself 
I can watch whenever I want 
Being live would make it easier to interact with the lecturer and ask questions, compared to lectures that have just been reuploaded from last year 
My university only offers recorded lectures (main module lectures had finished prior to covid so just some for my dissertation prep have been uploaded as recorded lectures)
Can pause and play at own speed to understand the content and can go back if you missed something
You can ask questions
Forces me to pay attention
Because it allows interaction 
Easy to access, can pause/rewind etc at my leisure
Can access any time
I can pause it to think about things, and write everything down in time. I don’t have to worry about missing anything. Also it means I can do it at a time that suits me.
Easier
It means I don’t miss anything the lecturer would’ve said in addition to slides in a real lecture which is what I take notes of instead of only the slides which aren’t as useful 
Because you can ask questions and get an immediate response. It also keeps you engaged and prevents distraction.
Live sessions give students the ability to ask questions there and then to aid with understanding
It’s interactive - I learn best by doing and discussing the work in tutorials and with my lecturers and peers 
More interaction 
Zoom is more effective for tutorials and workshops so you can ask the lecturer questions to help with your understanding. Whereas putting the audio up is good for lecturers. However I feel if we are going to learn from home there should be more tutorials and workshops.  
It is the most similar to what I would receive normally. Even with face-to-face teaching (most of) our lectures are recorded so we can review them later if needed. 
Being live allows me to maintain my usual university structure, and also allows me to interact with my lecturer. Also having other students attending the session at the same time makes it feel like you are learning as a group, even though we don't talk .
Can pause and have a break, doesn’t matter about WiFi cracking up as it’s live, so don’t miss anything.  Sometimes with lives lectures the screen can be blurry or lagged and with recorded lectures this doesn’t happen
Even though recorded lectures were convenient, I missed seminar discussions and “face to face” chats with our tutors if we had any questions, etc. 
Didn’t experience it but I think it would’ve been more effective
Makes me pay more attention to what’s being taught
Live classes are much more interactive and the lecturers can dedicate more time to those areas of the material that the student understand less. This isn’t possible during recorded lectures, from my experience, as they just rush through everything and don’t tailor their teaching to what would be more beneficial for the student.
Able to listen/take notes at own speed
No pressure of being 'present' especially in a time like this. Not particularly a fan of having to feel the pressure of contributing significantly so I like to learn in my own time on my own.
I like to get involved and be able to discuss topics with my lecturer\n
Forces you into a schedule - you have to attend at a specific time
Can do it at my own pace. 
Makes me stick to a schedule and get some human interaction 
i like being able to ask questions in the moment and see other people as i don’t have small group seminars
because they are live it makes me have to go to them, otherwise i just put it off
You get a better understanding when some talks about a subject
I can access them when they suit me and pause things or revisit them at anytime so the learning is personalised.
A bit more engaging
I’m more motivated to watch/show up
Interactive 
Because it simulates the university experience best
They are more straight to the point. Instead of people distracting one another on live classes
Generally formed more like a lecture and provides the necessary information for the degree, instead of shifting through endless resources for the same information. 
The interactivity is much more valuable for my learning and processing of concepts. 
I still feel like I’m learning in a similar way since I can sit and spend the time on a lecture with the lecturers input 
Can rewind/ speed up and study at own pace 
Having scheduled classes makes you more motivated to work because you’re being held accountable unlike with recorded classes where you can just miss them and nobody will know
Easy to keep up with, can pause and replay parts
It’s because it means I can go back through stuff at my own pace and really make sure I’m learning and making notes of everything. BUT I only like it when it’s  done via a company which KNOWS how to maleness online lectures - my actual uni’s online lectures are awful because they’re just previous year’s lectures which have been re-uploaded to Echo, meaning that we don’t get the most out of them because they’re only designed to be rewatched if you missed the lecture irl, not to be learnt from.
Simple and can be looked at in my own time 
This is the only mode of online teaching I have experienced
Interactive and more engaging, more likely to focus with less opportunity for procrastination. As you have to engage with the content there and then if it is a live zoom call/ meeting. 
I feel as though I benefit more from it
It’s all there for me to do as I please
It’s much easier to engage with as it’s harder to get distracted, and if I have questions I can easily ask them 
You get to ask questions, easier to understand 
More interaction, questions can be asked and you feel more inclined to actually keep up and complete work
I like the continuity as it’s very similar to before everything was online and we can always email lectures with questions or issues
You can complete it at any time. 
More engaging and the encouragement from lecturers and fellow peers to do the reading/content 
Because you can go through at your own pace when it's convenient to you, but with a proper explanation the text book doesn't give.
Not alot of people join on the zooms
I work to a schedule that is comfortable and convenient for me whilst still receiving the benefit of lecture content 
More structure than recorded lectures which you can watch at any time so less procrastination
more engaging
At a set time so I'm more likely to engage
It is the only mode I have used
It gave us the opportunity to view the class at our convenience and time to consider questions before asking. 
Get more contact time with lecturers and can ask them questions in person
can watch in my own time
Easier to interact and ask questions and get an instant answer. Also feels more like normal face to face lecture.
I feel that it most closely resembles what an actual lecture is like, I feel like I’ve been robbed of a university experience in so many ways that this would be a small consolation for all of the mess we’ve been subjected to this year (strikes etc). 
You can go back to it if missed, easier to catch up with!
Closest to in-person interaction/lecture while still accessible to different timezones
Gives me a structure to my day when I have to attend a live class 
Less pressure and gives you more time to go over material thoroughly 
I like that it’s more flexible than live classes, it means that I have more control over my study schedule especially in these chaotic times
I get chance to fully understand the material before moving on 
It’s easy and you can pause and rewatch it. You can also change speed of video
Gives you more motivation to actually do the lectures, there’s less structure when doing the recorder lectures 
More personal and similar to standard teaching 
It is a lot more motivating and gives you a time to go through each of the lectures
- The ability to access and re-access in your own time (You might miss a point during a Live Class and then you're unable to go back, also there's a pressure to try and write notes whilst also contributing, which can lead to things being easily missed)\n- Allows students to work at their own pace \n- More accessible for student's with mental health conditions (eg. anxiety disorders), who may struggle to attend and contribute during live sessions\n- Less awkward (There is just something quite weird and uncomfortable sometimes about the live class format, it feels somehow more obvious if you haven't contributed and your constantly forced to analyse and think about your own contribution to the session)\n- Feels the most like the traditional university experience\n- Students learn better at different times of day, and so forcing some students to wake up early to engage in a session might be utterly useless to them bc they are able to focus/concentrate much better later on in the day, recorded lectures allow students to tailor their learning experience to what best fits them\n
I find it is the most similar to the real face to face lecture teaching I was getting before covid19, and I can watch the recorded lectures in my own time, which is very useful now that I’m at home and my schedule is different 
I enjoy discussion forums as I was able to use them to further my learning- they motivated me to watch the lectures in advance so I was able to engage with my lecturers far more than I would do for any other module! 
Can watch at your own pace. 
Encourages genuine participation rather than passive learning.
More engaging and you do it
I can go at my own pace without feeling rushed unlike in a video where, yes I can pause it, but if I find myself pausing it every 10 seconds I feel unmotivated to continue because I feel like I’m lagging behind 
Time for Good Discussion 
Quite an independent worker
Live classes were only offered for one module where I knew the dynamic of the class didn’t suit my learning so having these zoom classes recorded where I could watch after was definitely better for my learning and time management 
Can be done at a time that suits 
It’s easier to follow along with and I can pause it and rewind when I mishear something
Video quality is often bad, it is hard to listen to a lecture recording especially as sometimes the powerpoint slides are not attached and it is just audio files, often have to stop and restart recordings whilst making notes, sometimes i cant fully hear what the lecturer is saying in recordings so im not sure all my notes are correct, this is not an issue with having print materials and notes
Able to pause and take my own time
I’m free to do my work whenever I like, and can take breaks. It also doesn’t require a quiet house which video chats do
We have last year's lectures recorded so they have all of the information we need in them, zoom can feel a bit clunky and inefficient at the moment as people aren't used to it.
Easy to access and use, I tend to have a better experience doing this
More interactive! 
Can’t get distracted as easily and actually have to focus. It’s the closest thing to being in an actual lecture.
Wasn't given the opportunity to use other modes/ quite nervous sharing my thoughts in class so recorded lectures are nicer as you can directly email the lecturer afterwards with specific questions
Can revisit the source at any time
it’s easy
More interaction
Only one we have
Won't be affected by internet issues. Also means I can access them at any time - living in a house of 7, it's difficult to get specific quiet times.
I enjoy recorded lectures but the interaction of lives makes it more interesting on multiple levels.
I can rewind and revise what I’m being taught
Keeps me accountable and allows me to structure my day well. 
I can ask questions about things I don’t understand + staying focussed with minimal interaction for an hour is v hard when at home.
More interactive and there is more exploration of a topic than a pre recorded lecture
It’s the best way I can learn. I can pause it and go back over it if I don’t understand something
Able to ask questions, and see the questions other people are asking. Learning from others on the course.
If you have any questions, they can be answered straight away. Also find it easier to listen to an explanation than reading it on a screen
Can pause and rewind if you miss sometime. Also you can speed the video up!
Better sense of the topics. Can pause. Feel as though profs tell you more 
Would feel more engaged and less distracted
Can type the questions for your lecturers to answer live. I feel much more comfortable doing that than raising my hand in a lecture, and because I can ask questions I can get the most out of my learning
I can listen to them at my own pace and I don't have many seminars/classes anyway in my degree so live classes and forums aren't necessary 
Feels more like a regular face to face class, more social, better chance of understanding 
Makes me more motivated
Lots of people in my course just use the recorded lectures instead of going to lectures anyways. They were being recorded even before the pandemic. 
Videos can demonstate the practical element of my course, but also you can do it at your own leisure 
The interaction makes it feel as ‘normal’ as possible
I'm a visual learner, unlike to print out materials, write further notes and mind maps compared to listening to information. 
It remains anonymous, it makes me anxious being in video calls or talking on platforms especially when there are potentially lots of people/people I don't really know 
Recorded lectures can be uploaded in small chunks which makes learning easier at home. 
It feels more interactive
As the lecturers can answer any questions quickly and efficiently you have during that time
More interactive 
It gives me the most opportunity to write lecture notes - I can pause the recording to jot down what is on the PowerPoint and then resume to add in what the lecturer says
Can watch it whenever.
More interactive and more engaging 
Because it gives me a similar standard of learning to if I was sat in a lecture hall face-to-face with my lecturer. 
Live classes are closest to in-person classes and are the most engaging. I like needing to be alert.
It feels almost as interactive as a normal class
As I can pause the lecture and therefore learn the content at my own pace.
It makes it easier to ask questions
Can do whenever 
Engage with lecturers - feel guilty if I don’t concentrate 
It gives a clearer understanding as it isn’t just reading off a PowerPoint but actually being explained. 
Makes me keep a working schedule 
The option to pause the class and go back to things which aids my learning. It also means I can take classes at convenient times.
More flexibility to do the work at times that suit me
Can catch up at own pace, no pressure to be available at a certain time
Because it feels like I’m actually being engaged with like a real lesson 
Because if it’s happening live you feel more involved and engaged 
As it is closest to a normal lecture and allows real time questions to be asked
Gives us a chance to be discuss answers and queries with the teacher whilst having some form of verbal communication. 
Interaction with tutors is absolutely critical at degree level 
Can take it in your own time 
It is easy to catch up on anything that has been missed. You can stop and start them whenever you please 
Able to communicate instantly and have questions answered there and then, if there are any conceptions and not have to wait for response via email which can waste valuable time.
Can work through material at your own pace
Able to ask questions
easier to go over in my own time and work at my own pace
More engaging 
Because then I would have a motivation to interact with that class better if all of the students would have to join. 
Because it feels more like a real class that you can engage in and have to attend at certain times. It’s the closest you can get to the normality we all currently crave. 
As you can go back to the information. But it is also useful to have Microsoft teams meetings so that seminars can still happen
I prefer the flexibility recorded lectures give me. Also gives the facility of being able to pause, rewind and take good notes as i go. The live lectures aren’t always recorded 
More interactive and engaging 
It’s much more engaging as you care able to learn from the lecturers a lot more
It feels the most like a normal class especially when it was replacing what should have been a seminar as it allowed for discussions and feedback from lecturers and students and was more collaborative then listening to a prerecording. I also liked the human aspect of it seeing other peoples faces and hearing their voices instead of just a typed message.
I just think this is the easiest way for primary teaching and then this is supplemented by set questions or exercises and then if there are any specific questions you can just emailed lecturers and ask for help. 
Interactive, keeps me attention span, social aspects of seeing faces rather than watching video of recorded lecture
Allows me to go at my own pace
Cant procrastinate as much, easier to ask questions as ssnding email feels awkward and less fluid 
More interactive
Allows you to study the material before/do practise questions and ask questions on things you don’t understand. If the group is large this is less useful as you are more likely to end up watching answers to others questions you understand yourself without getting a chance to ask your own. 
It feels more interactive as I would be able to ask questions plus it would be more motivating knowing there's a live lecture rather than uploaded recorded one's. 
Panic if I had to interact with others 
It allows the material to be revisited more easily and allows more freedom of when I do the work
Because it’s happening in real time so it’s harder to procrastinate and not do it 
More engaging and easier to communicate and allows you to plan a schedule 
It’s much more engaging - I’d prefer if lectures were live too
Can go back and replay bits if missed and can listen/watch lectures whenever i want!
Can interact with fellow classmates and teachers 
We don’t get the opportunity to use this method but I would prefer it as it would be more interactive and engaging, would also provide more motivation to watch as it’s easier to just skip through a recorded piece 
Interaction is the best way for me to learn 
Can ask questions, have discussions beyond or around the lecture content, and you can actually see people!!
Makes you feel engaged
easier to follow
Good to pause at any moment to make sure I fully understand the content
Because there is more interaction and you can ask questions and recieve answers immediately. 
Teaching is more direct and (I believe) is most comparable to the typical lecture style learning we are used to (as an undergraduate student) 
I feel like it engages me more with what we are learning whereas having recorded lectures doesn’t motivate me or make me want to learn the material as much. This is because if it’s recorded I feel like it will always be there but having a teacher present and who is actively trying to engage your attention makes me want to learn more about the subject being taught
Easier to go back on recorded lecture if I don’t understand something 
Because live classes always have technical issues and people speaking over each other, discussion forums and uploaded materials don't let you absorb as much
More interactive 
I think its because lecturers have the option to put up their material up as well and explain well as progressing through the slide show! 
You can watch in your own time
You can watch in your own time
Can ask questions in real time 
So i was actually accountable to go through the lecture and listen properly for the whole lecture 
Can watch them in your own time, pausing it when you don’t understand or trying to write notes
I am more aware of the content as have to concentrate to keep up with the conversation. Self directed work is not always completed
Recorded lectures can be accessed at any time whereas live classes maybe missed due to the timing schedule.
Can watch in your own time, pause the video to process info without having to re-watch the lecture later on
Flexible and you can go back a listen again if you need to revise or write an essay.
Can do in my own time as often not awake early 
 Can watch whenever suits me
I can pause to take notes and I can watch them when the house is quiet enough to not get distracted.  
More convenient. 
I was able to ask questions and interact with my classmates and professors. 
Mimics what we would have in university normally
More engaging and I’m more motivated to attend 
Easier to retain information as you can listen to what the lecturers are saying as well as view the PowerPoint.
I don't have enough motivation to do it by myself and set a time of the day to do it
Feels more real
I can rewatch it whenever I want if I need to.
It’s easier for me to go back over things I didn’t understand that first time around
The lecture notes are explained better and I can go at my own pace (both faster and slower than the lecturer goes). I find it annoying constantly pausing a video to take it in. 
Easy to rewatch so can take everything in
I’d get longer content/same as I’d been getting before and be able to engage live with the material 
As this a more practical way to learn and have an opportunity to bounce of each other - I feel in a classroom learning environment I learn better, I feel better and I am a better student being left to do it in my room for example I procrastinate so much and don’t get it done 
It easier to watch back take notes and the professors are somewhat competent in the technology as the majority of our lectures were recorded in the past also
It allows to interact with fellow students and the lecturer/seminar leaders to ask questions and having that interactivity of a normal class
It is convenient and I can watch them at anytime 
Accessible anytime
Prefer the anonymity, as I don’t like to actively participate, and also allows for freedom with when to watch it. 
Can do them in your own time and own schedule
Can do it whenever 
Live classes give me anxiety 
allows for actual engagement rather than paddive listening
Communicating ideas online needs to be more interactive than face to face lectures/classes as class is easily done in a passive way otherwise and learning isn’t solid 
More interactive and can engage and ask questions you want
Zoom anxiety
Can go back to it and revise 
Easier to ask questions, understand content due to intonation, sometimes we get to actually do a task on the spot which is nice
Because it gives a sense of routine for the day and being at home is quite difficult to keep and routine and be in the study/uni mindset so having live classes is a bit like attending a lecture although it is not the ideal it's still gives a uni feel even at home 
Enables to work alone first and then ask questions and discuss what you’re not sure about 
You can ask questions in the chat and get a response straight away
More interactive learning for seminars 
More interactive
I can do the work at my own pace
I can do it whenever i have time and want. I can also pause and re-play as many things as i like and make notes. However it does mean i can delay lectures until last minute too.... 
Forces me to actually do the work
Get a chance to engage and allows for pre-reading to be completed along the way as well. Also a good social aspect which encourages thinking and allows students to engage more with topics at hand. 
I think having contact with my peers and lecturers is sooo important to learning. It’s more engaging and motivating than just watching a pre-recorded video.
Interactive and (although not entirely) social 
You can ask questions directly and receive immediate clarification 
interaction 
It’s just the closest to an actual lecture
can access at any time,  then do'nt feel bad about missing a live one 
It is flexible, as it allows you to pause / rewatch etc. I think interaction with lecturers is important though so we have discussion boards that follow these up or the occasional zoom discussion to allow things to be re-explained or to ask questions I feel like this compensates for that lack of interaction from pre recorded lectures.
It enables me to watch the lecture, pause it and make more detailed notes than if I was in a live lecture. 
Interactive without the pressure of being live
i like having recorded lectures in conjunction with discussion boards and chats to compare with my peers as to how i’ve perceived the content. i can therefore add in others’ ideas to my notes that i may not have initially thought about. 
It’s allows you to engage with other students and your lecturer more and gain a deeper understanding of the course material
Easier to ask questions and would give me more motivation 
Interactive 
More interactive so I can as questions\nMakes me concentrate more so I become more focused 
More interaction, can consolidate knowledge 
I feel like I would be quite anxious to attend some of the more interactive modes of teaching.
It depends on the format of my assignments and what I am trying to learn 
Because then I actually feel obligated to attend whereas I don't feel motivated to look at any of the recorded lectures
You can do it when you feel ready 
More like a real lecture and you can ask questions there and then
I can go at my own pace 
You get to still hear other people’s views and opinions
More interactive and easier to ask questions 
Live q&a, ability to debate
As an engineering student, it makes more sense to go through and understand the content at my own pace while doing questions
I can take as much time to cover the content as I need
More interactive 
I can skip through parts I’m comfortable with and pause it if I’m struggling to keep up with writing notes. I can also watch the lectures at whatever time of day suits me/ when I am most focused. 
I miss being able to have contact with people on my course and being able to share ideas .
They’re difficult to get used to, but at least you are interacting with people and have the ability to ask questions and bounce off ideas like you would in person. 
I am on a creative degree so it helps to talk with others about work and bounce ideas
I prefer to work myself rather than be thought in a group situation like on zoom
Live lectures have been scheduled for a specific time and this increases the motivation to attend them. If they were recorded, this would mean we can do them whenever we want, which might result in doing the lectures at a later time and perhaps take longer.
I can pause if need be!
More engagement to make sure you understand the material, I've been given last years lectures
It’s more interactive 
I can ask questions without being on camera
Retains some sense of normality and class discussion which benefits my learning and explained topic knowledge 
It’s interactive. We could discuss ideas and build on them 
We haven’t had the choice of anything else so I don’t know what else I would prefer.
You can participate in the learning at your own pace 
allowed to do when available instead of having to join the live lectures or calls 
Easier to engage; actually have to go to it and have some structure in the day; means that it doesn’t take twice as long to go through the lecture 
Allows me to go at my own pace without tech issues 
Could stop the recording if they go too fast or if I need to go over something again 
Flexibility with times 
Very hard to keep up with the large workload when everything is uploaded at once, some with no recordings only lecture slides
It's less confrontational, so it's easier for someone to post and question and for others to reply.
It’s easier to engage for a longer time rather than constantly pausing the recording and getting distracted. I like discussing things too but we don’t have an option to do that really. 
I can go back and revisit recorded lectures
You can ask specific questions when you need to
More engaging
Most useful to be able to discuss material and ask questions
Online dissections do not work!! But lectures are pretty easy to do online
Makes you more accountable and provides a basic structure/schedule
There is more of a chance to engage with the material and discuss it to make sure I have understood. 
Can watch whenever 
More interactive than recorded lectures
Can watch at any time, more flexibility 
Easier to engage 
You can learn in your own time
It forces you to actually attend
Can access at a time which suits you. Can pause/rewind easily when making notes. 
You can do the classes in your own time
Freedom to watch whenever and go back
More engagement
Flexible
Gets provided at uni anyway so like being in lecture just without being there and able to ask questions and less pressure to do it at a certain time (like if it was a live one instead)
I can watch the recorded lectures at my own pace and pause and make notes, and rewind and listen again if I didn’t understand something 
I can watch the recording in my own time, and I can pause it to take notes etc 
It allows for more engagement and ability to question anything you may be uncertain about 
Because can catch up and pause and start it to make sure you get all the info down- in saying this I like going to the live classes as it makes me acc do it!
Because it's most similar to what we had before (my course it taught mostly by lectures). It also means that I can pause or slow down the video, making it less stressful for writing notes
Can do in my own time 
Suffer with anxiety and I find this one most beneficial
I feel more motivated to actually attend and can get it over and done with rather than motivating myself to do it in my own time
I feel as though the lecturer is more engaged with the students and it replicates the sort of classes that I would have had in person. 
I brainstorm the best when put in contact with other students - in online classes, this means seeing other teachers and students on video and being able to chat directly. 
I can use it at my own pace.
Having actual contact with lecturers is really useful as opposed to recorded ones 
Interaction with lecturers and other students like in a normal lecture, I found it hard to focus on recorded versions of previous year's lectures 
No pressure like in online classes, and able to rewind and listen again to things that maybe helpful unlike in in-person lectures 
Being able to interact and ask questions live
Can engage more 
more interactive so easier to motivate- less passive and reliant on self motivation 
You can choose when to watch them and pause to take notes 
would force me to attend as you have an assigned time / a routine, whereas recorded lectures its very easy to skip ones you don’t want to do / interest you less since there is nothing forcing you to do them
There is time for me to go through content at my own pace. I am able to work quickly through sections I understand and work slowly through sections I struggle with. If I have any questions I am able to email my lecturer.
Zoom allows you to talk and debate as if you were in a real life class.
It means I can pause and rewind to take it at my own pace and I can do it when I want in the day. 
I like having the connection of seeing a real person
Because you can take notes at your own pace (including rewinding, pausing etc.) 
Can look back over what everyone has said and can look back for information about something I'm struggling with \n
More enjoyable and the information is more likely to stick 
Feels like how it was before we had to move online 
Because you can’t go wrong and it’s the most similar to before 
You can ask questions
Gives the necessary knowledge and allows for students to learn the material When's best for them mentally 
Can interact with the tutors and ask questions when you need 
I can access it at any time however sometimes it would be better to have zoom seminars as well as recorded lectures
As I can pause and rewind and spend as much time as I need on the lecture and then email about any questions I have or anything after 
More interactive so can ask questions. 
You have an added level of accountability that ensures you actually do watch the lectures and it brings structure to your day.
it’s a lot easier to learn the material when you can engage with people 
Because you can focus easier and pause to write everything down 
Means I don’t have to communicate much 
Most interactive 
It has a more personal feeling to it. Makes me feel as if the university/lecturer cares more about individual students rather than just having to upload lecturers as it’s their job. 
Because if the teaching is not as good, you can essentially teach yourself.
I can pause the video to full understand what is being said
So I can interact with the lecturer
There is more motivation to attend
Opportunity to ask questions and be more engaged as sometimes what they say may not be clear 
More interaction with the class and tutors
Less Awkward 
more interactive 
Opportunity to interact with the teacher and gives structure to school day 
So I can do it when it works for me!
I can structure my timetable according to my needs 
Easier to focus knowing it is live 
I would prefer tasks to do ie. research, workbooks with supplementary recorded lectures and optional live class discussions - it’s difficult for many people to join due to lack of laptop/internet access or the lack of a quiet space to join calls so I don’t believe they should be mandatory or the only way of getting important info. emailed materials can be used with just pen and paper, my younger siblings have had work packs delivered by post and found this most effective (trying to use minimal resources as possible would be key here to be environmental of course). I also feel like just having lectures from past years isn’t as useful and feels less relevant/motivating to be paying the full tuition fees and just receiving a link to a podcast from 2015? I’d rather have a bolt-on of a message from a lecturer with information relevant to current research and how this lecture fits into the course for this specific academic year 
Active and engaging 
Because it’s more interactive and engaging 
Can ask questions, more engaging 
Can study at any time
means I don’t have to actually be online at the specific time, which is easier due to my home situation
Easy to pause and re-listen if needed!
It gives me flexibility and allows me to structure my own schedule.
It allows for questions to be answered as they arise and seeing questions from other people also gives more perspectives on the topic/answers questions that I perhaps didn't think of.
You can watch the lecture in your own time, pause it and make it easier to study at your own pace! 
It helps to feel like I’m engaging with the course by having someone to explain certain concepts and answer questions
I find it a lot easier to concentrate when I can watch the lectures in my own time. It also allows me to work when I want to and structure my learning in my own way.
As the lecturer is there to ask questions
Gives me more lenience to do my lectures when I can - more free 
More interactive and a chance to ask questions
Feels more like a real class
You get the most interaction 
I can easily ask questions without having to wait for somebody to reply 
more engagement
I like being able to see people’s faces, and be able to ask questions as we go etc
It’s the only way, for me, to actively engage 
Do it at my own pace
Can ask live questions
I much prefer verbal explanations than just learning from written content although there is written content alongside which is still really helpful. I have been receiving small group video calls (Cambridge supervisions online) but i struggle with these due to anxiety especially since everyone can see my face at all times and symptoms of increased anxiety show on my face.
It would be good, as we would actually get taught something and could have discussions
Gives me more of an incentive to pay attention during the lecture
More real-time, can ask questions and then have them answered. 
More interactive 
I am able to go through it at my own pace
Can pause and take notes as needed and don’t have to worry about internet issues, noises from other students etc 
Because you can interact instantly if you have a question 
Easier to follow along and do in own time 
Being able to have a questioned answered in detail in conversation would allow me to\nUnderstand the solutions a lot more 
You can go at your own pace
More interactive , feels more like normal uni
Able to decide when I watch lectures 
Even though we're not actually there, its the closest thing to physically being in a lecture. It also forces me to focus unless I'll miss something.
I find online seminars through forums to be slow and ineffective 
Because it forces me to arrive at a scheduled time and to engage in the content. The active engagement with my tutors and peers stimulates me to think more deeply and being able to see and hear other students also engaging provides motivation.
I’m more engaged when I’m watching something live, almost as if I have to pay more attention because I cant pause it (like I can with my pre recorded lectures).
Watxh them when you want 
Can reply if needed 
More interactive and encouraging of participation, similar to actual seminars
Actual interaction with tutors is way better for learning
Can watch back whenever is convenient and at my own pace
I can watch them at my own pace and when I choose to
No specific time limit
Allows discussion and to ask questions if you don’t understand what’s been said
More chance for discussion and quick responses to questions.
It forces you to be more engaged and to prepare developed points as you will be directly questioned, and allows you to discuss ideas with other people, mimicking a seminar face to face as much as possible 
Interactive and more engaging 
I have no motivated to sit for 1 and a half hours listening to a recorded lecture; I zone out very easily and don’t take in the content. Live lectures however allow me to interact with my course mates and lecturer by asking/answering questions. This helps me actively process the course material.
You actually engage with the lecture and understanding is better
Feel more engaged 
I feel uncomfortable listening to my lecturers voice whilst at home, or freaks me out. Written notes are also easier to follow than recordingms when I have to rewind, slow down etc.
You get to ask questions and speak face to face (almost) with your tutor
Because i can watch them whenever and wherever, plus I can go back and watch certain parts again if I missed them
You can do it at your own pace and when you want to do it
Because you can go over the content as many times as you would like 
able to pause
I feel like I get the most information from the lectures, whilst my seminars on blackboard collaborate don't cover a lot and I might as well not go to them
I prefer the interactive aspects e.g. for asking questions live 
More flexibility 
makes sure I attend, requires involvement and more engaging 
There is no time commitment and so it’s more flexible. I also don’t like being on a webcam personally so I find the anonymity of watching a pre recorded lecture less stressful. 
gives motivation and a set time to complete work along will chance to ask questions 
All information organised in one place and can keep going back to view
More interactive and engaging 
Find it easy to keep up with since I can pause and play if I miss something 
No limitations on time zones and no internet connection issues 
Easier to engage in the content and students can ask questions
You can work through at your own pace
I learn way more talking to and interacting with supervisors than passively watching a lecture 
The interaction and ability to record for future engagement 
More interactive 
feels more interactive and more motivated to take part
Can learn at own pace
It’s more motivating when it’s live as you force yourself to do it. Recorded lectures sometimes feel optional even if it is not
Gives us more of an opportunity to discuss queries 
I prefer having a schedule to follow and I generally feel I take more information in and get more from an interactive class, being able to ask questions at the end of a lecture is something I'm missing due to the move online. 
More interactive and therefore I learn a lot more from them, able to access the tutor immediately if I have any questions 
It gives all the information without interruption 
I feel like live lectures and zoom calls disadvantage students from different time zones who may have to stay up late or wake up extremely early to take these classes. It also allows me to go back and take extra notes if I need to.
Opportunity to have a more natural interaction and ask questions as they form.
I can do work at my own pace 
It doesn’t rely on stable internet connection and you don’t run the risk of missing anything. You can go back and look on things you weren’t sure about 
zoom is too awkward and not always accessible to everyone
i don’t need to do it or be available at a particular time for a class/session. it also allows me to spend as much time on something as i need
Work through at own pace and then ask questions 
I find it more engaging to hear the information as if it was live 
More interaction, have dedicated time to study
Allows me to pause and rewind so if I don’t understand something or I need a break I have that option. Also being able to watch things on 1.5x speed is great 
More interactive, easier to ask questions
The opportunity to still have a delivered lecture with more understanding and opportunity to ask questions. My cohort for my course is only small so lectures are always a discussion aswell. 
More interactive and fosters a better discussion than a simple upload 
I feel as though I’m getting as much information as I would in a face-to-face lecture instead of just making notes from the PowerPoint/lecture slides that I have been given - I have no extra materials. 
Provides semblance of human contact while not having the stress of having to be on a video call myself
Makes me actually engage with the lecture, as it’s at a set time
Better delivery of information
More engaging
Easy to learn 
It’s the only mode I have recieved 
There is more interaction and also the ability to ask questions 
Ability to ask questions and engage. 
you can still engage with people and ask questions
Able to pause the video to take notes or rewind to look back at anything.
More interactive and worth the money 
It's easy since I'm a health care student who also has to attend clinical placement. 
More engaging
It is more interactive and engaging. I am on a small course and being able to have discussions to help understand the material is super useful. 
Feels more like an actual class
Forces me to keep up with the work live
I feel that recorded lectures I can take my time to fully understand the content in my own time and if I still don’t understand something I can email lectures. 
Can interact with lecturer in real time 
It makes it easier to take notes and actually understand content rather than teaching myself 
Because in this method you have accountability to engage with the material in real time but can access it after the teaching time. My University records and uploads all lectures in normal times so this would also be in line with usual teaching practise 
Closest to usual methods of learning
You can interact and share ideas and it motivates you to actually wake up and have a routine like you would at University when you have scheduled classes and deadlines. 
Ability to take things at own pace and revise from material 
The lecturer would explain slides in a lot more detail as they would during a normal lecture or seminar opposed to giving us powerpoints with minimal detail on. 
Feels the most like a normal lecture 
It allows me to fully engage with the material being spoken to me, if the info is ah handed to me via a piece of paper, i think I don’t process the information as well 
I find it easier to take in information when someone explains the concept to me. I’m dyslexic so I find it hard to retain information which is just written flatly. 
More engaging and active learning 
Can do them any time
Still receiving fully explained content
I need to be able to interact with the lecturers and ask questions. I cannot learn by simply writing off a PowerPoint. 
I feel part of the classroom and able to discuss better with other students.
My course is really practical so we did a lot of theory, I’m a visual learner and this allowed me to go at my own pace 
My time management has been really bad, being able to check the content anytime would be really useful.
I can do it at my own pace 
I prefer reading information 
Can do at own pace
I can check my understanding to make sure I’ve grasped the concepts I made notes on.
it allows me to work at my own pace and build my own personal timetable, rather than my day being restricted to whatever times my online lectures might be 
Interaction with the lecturer and verbal explanations on topics. Motivation to get up in time for the lecture. 
Interactive 
Actual face to face learning 
Makes you actually do the work 
Can be accessed at any time so allows for flexibility (I am currently a key worker so with working more shifts alongside working to complete my degree, flexibility is essential). Also recorded lectures allow for more detail which isnt always given through PowerPoint slides. 
Easy to follow
Can do when I want 
most similar to normal
More interactive 
Because I feel like you cab interact more and also are able to get more help.
Free to do in our own time yet still contains all content live lectures do 
Explained better so i can understand content more
More detailed than uploaded work and feels more realistic but can also do it whenever I want to
I feel it is the most interactive method and makes it easy to raise questions if necessary 
Lecturers can go into detail and explain their lecture slides which can be paused and gone back over again and again 
More space for interaction and understanding of the subject 
It gives you the chance to interact with your lecturers and classmates the most. It has potential to be close to face-to-face lectures and provides a space to ask questions and get feedback instantaneously
It is the closest to an actual seminar/tutorial/lecture 
I can do it when best suits me and can easily drop in and out of doing it
They can explain things better when speaking rather than just words on a ppt
Easier  and more informative 
It actually forces participation and is the most similar to a normal class environment!
There is engagement so you’d be able to take stuff in and learn something and ask any question you might have 
Can access at my convenience
This includes both videos and useful research materials to help with understanding the new content and gives me flexibility in my time management
I am not an audio learner 
Can do this at my own preferred time and pace.
Because I feel like I am actually being taught the content and can therefore engage in it rather than teaching myself with online materials 
Easy to understand
It allows real-time engagement. 
Lecturer can give a bit more detail for their explanation rather than just the content on powerpoint slides 
Everything is always accessible
Because we have interaction! And its not just meaningless lecture slides! lmao sorry I'm just salty about uni's response:')
I study languages so I can practise speaking
Having specific times for classes helps with maintaining a routine/schedule. I also enjoy having the opportunity to ask question in real time is a plus.
More engaging, best replicate of face-to-face learning
No pressure, all in your own time.
The lecturers can expand on notes written in their PowerPoints 
Being able to discuss ideas and be present while learning is incredibly important to the process
It allows me to learn things at my own pace and only have to go over the things that I specifically don’t understand
More engaging, easier to ask for help.
Allows me to pause and rewind so if I don’t understand something or I need a break I have that option. Also being able to watch things on 1.5x speed is great 
Allows us to engage with material in our own time
More interactive
Can follow the professors mindset with the lecture
Allows me to do my uni work at a time that works for me with other commitments going on at the moment
It’s better to interact with the lecturer if needed and it’s more relevant to what you want to know. We had last years lectures uploaded which weren’t personal to our year 
Better than uploaded content as more info is brought across and not as intense as live zoom calls 
It’s closer to what it’s like in real life and has the added bonus of being able to pause to make notes
proper content, gives time to make notes and save lectures for a later date- so valuable
No live classes were offered by my uni, but I feel that they would have been a better and more direct substitute for normal classes. 
I can do it on my own schedule 
Easier to process info when it’s being spoken instead of reading it off a page
You can get instant response and feedback 
I like being able to engage with the lecture by asking/answering questions and joining in discussion
I find it easier to understand things when i have the ability to discuss them. 
You can rewind if you missed something, change the speed to what suits you best and I find it easier to learn with a professor explaining something rather than reading uploaded materials 
Because I learn a language, it’s so important to have conversational education. 
It is more interactive and an active learning process in comparison to going through power points on my own which I find harder as it doesn’t feel like I’m retaining the knowledge in the same way. 
So you can learn from others and it’s less intimidating than a zoom call
More personal and motivating 
the ability to rewind and listen to explanations over is really helpful, and it’s generally more detailed than if the slides are given alone
It allows you to talk directly to your lecturers, the closest thing to real uni
Easily able to interact and ask questions. 
I can ask live questions and things can be explained if we don’t understand. You can ask them to slow down/speed up
More engaging, more interactive, makes you concentrate, help from other people 
Because it gives you the foundation to go and find resources or information yourself without having to rely on group work or contribution in an online seminar
Less chance of tech issues
Easy to follow 
Closest to being a real teaching setting
No time constraint and simple to complete
Most similar to face to face teaching without the pressure of being live on a call
I feel like we would be able to interact with lecturers more and ask questions as we haven’t had any online seminars so we’ve only been able to ask questions through email which takes 3 working days for a reply.
I’m able to have a similar experience to an actual lecture but at the convince of always having access. 
Because it is closest to an actual class- my uni has currently just emailed us signposting reading already there rather than doing something to compensate the classes we’ve missed.
You can actually still talk to the teachers and not have to wait a week+ for a reply to an email
It takes a while to hear from staff and this would be a faster way to clarify any concerns.
It gives more structure to my day and reflects 'normal' uni life. 
I feel uncomfortable being on a video call with my class/ teacher
It’s much more valuable t mo hear other people’s ideas and to be able to ask your teacher more questions more easily 
Uploaded documents don’t explain things fully, but I don’t want to feel constricted by having to attend zoom classes during this anxious time. So pre-recorded lectures would be a perfect mixture of both 
It’s easier to understand and focus
As it is interactive and isn’t passive so you concentrate more
I can do it myself and I am not dependent on waiting for others to provide other ranges of resources 
Everyone can share ideas and opinions easily.
I prefer to work through things by myself in my own time 
More likely to actually do the work. Have to focus whereas uploaded documents are very easy to get bored with and not read. Gives me something to do in quarantine and is semi-socialising. 
Getting instruction from lecturer, engaging 
My WiFi isn’t great at home, and I have to fit learning around my family
i learn better orally, it actually goes in my brain haha
Because I can work through it at my own pace and not feel rushed
Interesting skill labs
I feel as though this most closely replicates an actual seminar and is what motivates me the most. 
Because I can talk to the lecturers and join discussions with my class and it feels as close to an actual seminar as possible.
Less reliant on WiFi and less interactive as I find it awkward to be interactive over things like zoom
It allows me to do work at my own pace 
Because it allows you to work at your own pace and you can have a discussion with your peers about it afterwards without any pressure from specific meetings
Supplies a more strict schedule to the week
You can ask any questions if needed and talk with others
Can watch/rewatch at anytime
Because you don’t get the same level of information from just reading the material that is sent out. The reason lectures are held the way they are is because you gain additional all information from the lecturer during the lecture. 
The most interactive option 
More interaction, feels more like a real seminar etc
It’s more engaging and interactive and I pay attention more than just reading a PowerPoint 
It is interactive and offers a similar environment to seminars , enables greater discussion and understanding . 
More interaction, need for opportunity to ask specific questions and clarify responses to these questions. 
I have dyslexia so it is easier for me to take it in, ask questions and have discussions
I like to be able to pause and right down comprehensive notes and also expand the lecture notes with my own ideas and thoughts, I feel like I can get more out of lectures this way
Easier to follow, not awkward
As I can understand how the Professor has explained the content and be able to review the lectures more than once. 
More engaging
I enjoy being able to discuss the subject matter with my professor and other students rather than working independently. 
Get to actually ask questions and get support you need or any clarification of the lecture material
Feels more personal, easier to interact and ask questions along the way
More interactive I learn better by auditory learning. But live classes make me feel uncomfortable and I’m not as focused on the material. I also like being able to do uni work at any time’s as I also have a job 
I learn more by being surrounded with other people
Able to see written in a board very similar to traditional lectures
More like normal lectures
Because I am an independent learner and it is a practical field of study - it gives me more time to actually do the practical work.
i can set my own timetable and work around my own schedule 
are able to go back to it for consolidation whenever, and can always ask classmates or lecturers questions if not understanding it 
It feels more like you’re in back in the lecture hall
I do a practice based Art degree and have had NO feedback on the direction of my work and have had no contact from teachers outside of emails which take about 3 weeks to get a reply for
It’s the only mode we use
Easier to engage. 
feels like tutors have to actually somewhat engage as opposed to uploading old documents with no input or feedback
My university uses a combination of all four methods, but it’s easier to understand assignments and concepts with a lecturer explaining in real time and answering questions 
I can do it in my own time but I am still getting ‘access’ to my lecturers. I study languages so hearing them speaking my target language helps 
I can work through the material at my own pace
That’s the way it’s always been done. It also means I get to engage with the materials in my own time 
It allows me to pause and play to make sure I get all the information I need.
Pre recorded videos allow me to structure my time accordingly with the routines of my family, it means that if I’m in the middle of doing productive work I don’t need to stop to go watch a video which is live.
It’s the most interactive, I think I would be more focused and would work harder than if I was working alone because of support of other students and staff, as well as the pressure to be engaged.
Can watch back if don’t understand material and can do in own time 
Closest to an in-person lecture 
Find zoom calls intimidating at times
This is very visual and interactive which is good for doing a fashion course. It means you can show examples and have class discussions. 
Because as an international student, it helps me to interact with my fellow students and practice English. It also takes less time compared to independent studying.
Actually makes you do work, can ask teacher questions, can get instant feedback, as a language student I can practise speaking and listening 
Just easier to look at when needed 
I can progress at my own pace when it fits in with my schedule (it's a part time degree) 
Can fit to everyone’s schedule and still contains the same level of detail, sometimes even more, that a live lecture  
Lecturers sometimes add in additional info even they talk through things
You can go at your own pace yet have all the information ready to learn.
Highest form of interactivity 
I’m a very independent learner. I like learning at my own pace without someone just reading the PowerPoint to me (since I can read it for myself). 
Anxiety over awkwardness of real-time video discussions. 
More conversational, more of a commitment 
Easy to follow along at your own pace and makes it easy to study whenever you have a free moment (no fixed time to log on)
Less stressful on my poor internet connection and I can revisit it
Because you can still feel like you’re in a normal day schedule
Because narration of powerpoints are more useful than me trying to teach myself. Also there’s the chance to ask questions on content I don’t understand. 
Interaction- can ask questions if needed
It’s much more active learning. You can really get to grips with the material and test your learning by asking and answering questions. 
More interaction/engagement 
It’s more interactive and engaging
I am free to manage my time.
More interactive and I makes you attend and learn 
It allows me to engage more with the key themes and ideas presented within the classes
It allows me to work on it when I have time as despite classes being cancelled I found I had even more work than normal
It’s the closest to normal lectures at university \n
Get to engage with the lecturer and peers.
It feels the most like a ‘normal’ lecture - opportunity to ask questions and see your class members and staff
More engaging and holds me accountable to actually do the work
Interactive just like a seminar 
Cause you can watch it over and over again if you don’t understand the content 
Because it’s interactive and questions can be answered 
Can look at lecture board but also listen to lecturer. Also feels normal compared to uploaded PowerPoint.
I think I would gain more out of this, I struggle with just being given papers and understanding what to do. I learn better when there are people explaining it to me. 
More like real class, more interactive, can ask questions,  gives you more of a routine rather than watching in one go
Live classes allow for discussion and keep you accountable for your efforts. They also allow for people to ask question and get immediate responses. Additionally a professor can gauge understanding and engagement in real time to ensure we are gaining the most out of teaching 
It puts a lot less pressure on people if they forget about an online class or have to miss out for any other reason, and this way they can have permanent access to classes when they study 
Can review at own pace
There is more of a chance to have discussion with both peers and lecturers, and more in depth knowledge gained from talking about the material 
There is an opportunity for clarification and explanation 
Watch whenever
Makes you motivated to do it 
learning at my own pace
There's more fixed timings involved which helps hold me accountable and give me a more fixed schedule. I also enjoy small group teaching over live classes as there's potential for discussion and sharing ideas to work out a problem (I do Maths so this is often really useful).
Can ask questions there and then and don’t have to wait for a reply. Having a little/simple question (which can normally be done in lectures/seminars) to ask then having to email and wait for a reply delays on getting started with whatever it is 
Because you are able to work through the material like it would be taught in a face to face lecture. It also helps it being recorded as it is more engaging and so you are able to understand and absorb the information more successfully. You can also go back over the lecture if you missed something. Something you wouldn’t necessarily be able to do in a live zoom lecture. 
I can do the work in my own time, at my own pace
Most interactive + stimulating
I like the written material (books) I get. I just prefer learning by myself 
I find it easier to focus when I can read in silence, I have anxiety and am very sensitive to noise so I can’t focus when people are saying things to me. Uploaded or emailed materials are things that I can use at my own pace in my own relaxed environment and so I find these easier to learn from. 
Because it’s the most interactive and means I can get responses to questions live, rather than having to wait for them to get back 
Much more interactive and feels closest to being in a real class
It lets you complete online work without anxieties of using zoom/online chats in your own homes 
It’s nice to actually listen to the tutor explaining a concept 
Cus ur acc gettin matirial like in class
I never opened the uploaded lecture slides but if I had a scheduled online class to attend, I would have attended
Can do your notes in your own time and aren’t restricted by times for zoom calls. 
Closest mode to real physical lectures  
It feels more normal and I have FAR more motivation to actually do the work set, although it is more time consuming and difficult in these times. 
It is just about the same as catching up on a lecture you have missed
Able to ask questions, when something is live there's not the option to slack/ take a break so you can't get distracted 
Interaction. Its live and happening so it creates a routine and structure for the day
It can be accessed at any time and anywhere so with the COVID situation everyone's routines have shifted and it allows for people to complete the work when it best fits them instead of having a specific zoom call or conference call time slot
easy to engage with and can watch in your own time
best we’ve been offered 
It allows me to work through the content at my own pace 
Engagement with the material
I get anxious about attending in person but especially online with cameras as there’s no way you can “hide” i guess and the increased pressure to contribute
Easier to use from
Can go at my own pace
closest thing to a real lecture 
There is no pressure to join a zoom call at a certain time (ideal during lockdown as allows for a more flexible schedule which has helped me to cope), but I like seeing and hearing my lecturer’s voices as it helps me learn better than just a discussion forum.
It provides the most effective contact as I can as questions and present my work for feedback with a quick response time (studying architecture) 
I can work through the material in my own time
Because of the opportunity for actual live interaction 
Closest thing to a real lecture, you can ask questions and here answers to other people’s questions. This is not the case when we independently go through the material and email in questions. It is also easier to get distracted and not stay on track without live events
Can do in my own time, flexible
You can ask questions as you go. \nThings can be cleared up through actually attending a class as it's  harder get distracted when it's a live session. When you watch a recording, it becomes easier to focus on other things as opposed to watching the lecture which can be paused. 
It would feel more like a normal lecture and be more interactive.
I prefer this method as my lecturers put a lot of detail and key information 
Less pressure because you don’t have to talk directly to your lecturer in front of your class on for example Zoom
Allows me to write up lecture notes and I learn the best, visually.
Can get live feedback
More engaging and like actually being at university lectures.
It’s the method that keeps me most accountable and engaged 
I can pause to catch up or replay what I didnt understand without having a panic of missing any important information. 
More interaction 
No technological difficulties and time restraints like with an online class. More time to engage with and absorb materials.
As accurate to normality as possible
You can ask questions in real time and I feel like i’m getting more for my money with a lecturers time!
can ask questions and have more motivation to go
It’s more interactive, can be catered for individual needs, reinforces the most normality 
Live meetings hold you accountable and creates a deadline for prep work. Currently all of my deadlines are for September, so I lack in motivation. 
Actually hearing people explain it is better because I struggle to read that amount of unexplained information 
Easier to access/work around schedules and shifts at my part-time job
Find live classes quite anxiety inducing and exhausting. I like working on things in my own time 
Interaction and therefore sustained learning is more encouraged/likely.
I think it’s a better replacement of my university experience before it went online
I like having visual stimulus, and I can always refer back to/pause information to take it in at my own pace
more structure in my day, easier to understand
I understand more on the topic with some explaining something than just reading off of a slide. Although I hunk I might have preferred a zoom call or something but that was never an option in my study.
Interaction, can ask qs
It gives you the freedom and time to work whenever you have chance!
Can access notes with a guided through explanation
Can access it when needed/ can look back on it. And get more detail than just a PowerPoint slide 
Can be more interactive 
You can listen to the content without having to be visible (such as a zoom call) and you can revisit the content
It is most similar to in person uni teaching
I can do it at any time
Good for different time zones and can watch multiple times
You can hear the information being delivered as well as reading it. 
Interactive 
You can have more interaction like you would in class 
The material is better when live 
It’s easier to consult material I need to improve on, it’s easier to remember feedback they have said. (My course is project based)
It is the closest thing to a lecture (very similar to when I Recap) 
More information is given
It would have been more engaging
Because I would actually get a lecture as opposed to just slides and materials - we should get all of them. 
It allows for the full teaching contact hours to be met, recorded etc. It’s the most like a normal lecture, and you can revisit it any time you want and make very comprehensive notes 
Allows you to go back to certain parts if you didn’t quite understand. When it’s live it’s difficult to catch up sometimes
Allows for human contact even if online which is helpful in order to reduce my sense of feeling isolated. Can ask questions there and then and get an answer asap
Flexible, can be completed at any time 
It allows students and staff to converse with each other and bounce ideas off of each other rather than just watching a recording and not having your own input.
It can be done at a time more suitable for me and I can adapt my learning to my needs much better 
More interactive
Feels similar to a lecture and can go back to the video at a later point if you miss something that was said
I prefer listening rather than actively taking part. This may be because English is my second language. 
More interactive and most similar to usual lectures
If it’s recorded I can listen to it when it best suits me, at a time I can put all my focus and attention. Following on, with this method I have time to think of any questions I may have and email them after to class and not feel pressured to talk during live classes, I.e zoom. 
Because it’s far more interactive and as close to face to face learning as possible 
More interactive 
Because we get to interact in real time with instructors.
This is all we have been given
This allows up to actively learn! Ask questions on the spot and allows me to understand easier 
Current, can look back on it, easy to revise from, almost easier and more helpful than being at university. 
The lesson retains longer on my head if I can visually see it and hear someone talking about it hence video is easier for me.
Hearing someone’a verbally explain something is much more easy to grasp
I like feeling like I'm not in it alone
I do a practical degree
Because I have that lecture on demand, which is useful for when I am doing assignments. 
Makes it easier to discuss content and ask questions - more similar to lectures and seminars before lockdown 
Provides the closest experience to face to face teaching 
You can have more engagement as opposed to just reading through slides by yourself. 
I can go over the content at my own pace
I find live classes to be awkward and uncomfortable and I generally can make better notes with a PowerPoint in front of me rather than rushing to write everything down that everyone’s talking about during the live class.
I hate speaking over the phone and Video calls as it makes me feel uncomfortable 
Live classes gives the opportunity to have discussions and ask lecturers questions at the time and explanations are much easier than over email.
Videos allow the lecturer to speak and describe more in detail than if the PowerPoint was just uploaded alone.
I can work through it in my own time, no need to join a chat or call at a specific time 
Can dip in and out, not at a set time
You can work at any time, thus not be restricted to certain hours. The work is also done by yourself, with no group collaboration.
Anxiety over live classes
Allows interaction and clarification of topics
Visual interpretation and understand the work better 
Because questions can be answered in real time, and it is less likely for me to procrastinate
Can do at your own pace + time
You have to be engaged and you can ask questions there and then.
Discussions/debates
It’s more interactive, and material is better explained by live lectures.
It’s interactive and all students share their thoughts, opinions and questions.
Allows me to work on my own time frame, no need to rush of worry about missing classes 
Get one on one feedback with tutors and students
I gain the most from this as I’m able to ask questions and get quick responses.
Closest to a real lecture/tutorial. Easiest to learn in
Easier to process info and take notes
Actually makes me do it and watch it instead of if it’s just emailed I’m less motivated to start it 
Allows me to work on my own time frame, no need to rush of worry about missing classes 
Allows me to work on my own time frame, no need to rush of worry about missing classes 
Can actually ask questions without having to wait ages for answers via email
I’m quite shy 
I feel connected to learning and actually working on uni work! With close to none lectures or online resources available, I don't feel like I'm learning anything anymore
It’s explained in more depth and you can go back to it to clarify points. 
Actually learn stuff and explained as we usually would have them. 
I feel more motivated to study and feel more engaged as it is real time 
Online learning in general is not working well with me, but having the ability to ask lecturer questions through a chat would help. Plus you get to see exactly what people are asking and take notes, as for someone who's english is their third language, understanding speech sometimes proves to be difficult 
Set my own pace
It allows the lectures to fit it better with other commitments/ swings in mental health
Makes it easy to stop and take in the information, go away and look something up to come back to it
It would be more helpful and useful than live classes which you might not be able to attend and uploaded material which may be hard to get through yourself without guidance.
I’m very used to the in-person lectures at school & it forces me to fall into a routine. Now, my professors do optional office hours/discussions/chat. I learn better through being in the structured routine of having a live class/lecture at a set time.
Doing class live felt the most familiar to me because it felt like I was in the classroom.
It eliminates time zone issues but still allows the instructor to talk with students. Written out instructions can be harder to understand. 
I feel like because I’m doing an English/Creative Writing degree using discussion boards and peer reviews for papers and workshops for the past few months was a lot less anxiety inducing than some previous classes and in-person workshops were, so for that reason I enjoyed some of my classes a fair bit this semester!
More focused and useful 
To allow flexibility across time zones 
I would love a mix of live class and discussions. I feel like I’m only learning what I need to learn for the discussions and not understanding the overall subject/importance of certain things. 
Can watch/rewatch at my own pace. 
I Still get the feeling of being taught something worthy of the cost without the interruptions of technical difficulties/other people.
Watching things help me understand better than just reading 
I'm more engaged and learn better when I'm required to participate 
Live classes provide more structure and allow real-time interaction 
More engaging 
More opportunities to ask questions/seek clarification as the learning is happening. 
I can ask questions in real time, and hear my peers opinions and viewpoints on the material so that I have a better and wider understanding of it
I still feel like I get the community feeling of being in class! My college has small class sizes (25 students max), so community is really important to me 
It’s more engaging.
I feel more engaged and on the loop
I get the most in-person-esk interaction while on Zoom. We do use uploaded materials to complement the Zoom lecture and will often review coursework by rewatching the recorded zoom lecture that was previously live. 
I do better when instructions are written with steps
keep the person to person interaction
Forces me to keep up w the material vs recorded lectures. Additionally, it gives me contact hours with the professor which i find gives me motivation to keep studying even though its been harder to do so
Better communication 
Able to ask questions and actively participate during instruction. 
It is most closely resembling in person class. I like seeing and talking to people in real time because asking q’s is easier and I feel more engaged. 
You are able to ask questions at live time rather than having a delayed response 
It allows for some discussion during class and also holds students accountable for showing up and watching the lectures
Models synchronous classroom learning on a digital platform
Because you do not have any difficulties regarding time zones or when one’s internet is slow. You can break up recorded lectures and fit them a lot better into your daily routine.
I can rewatch difficult concepts multiple times
Keeps me accountable to attend class and participate 
Zoom classes make it easier to pay attention and have a regular class schedule. 
It feels more as if it is in person, it doesn’t just feel like homework, it feels like class
It’s easier to ask questions 
Having the live interaction kept me accountable  for attending class and allowed me to still see my classmates in a way.
Interaction with professor and chance to ask qs realtime 
I can easily go back and review the material, plus it’s less stressful than live classes. 
I can feel more like what it used to be. I enjoy discussing with my professor and classmates in real time 
I thrive on personal interaction and it also forces me to devote a specific time to learnung
It’s easier to do it on my own time and I can go through it quickly 
It's the closest to in person learning. I'm an auditory learner so I need at least a video. And zoom classes are the closest thing to teaching in a classroom that my professors have. 
It allows for live interaction with my peers and instructors
The collaborative environment, though my internet didn’t always work :/
Even though I wasn’t productive afterwards, it kept me accountable and made it so I accomplished something 
It allows me to access the material when it fits with my schedule. I am on a different time zone from my school so that makes it easier.
Because it feels most interactive and closest to normal as possible.
In part, because I have not really experienced the others to actually prefer them. But also because I appreciate a dynamic learning experience where i can interact, converse and ask questions with peers and professors 
It’s more interactive and I have some form of structure . 
I do a STEM degree, so lectures are an important part of learning (ie discussion is great but it's not as applicable as in the humanities). I enjoy live lectures because I can ask questions during them like I would in a conventional class and that really boosts my understanding.
It allows face to face discussion, lecturing and group discussion all on one platform. 
It gives me a similar amount of structure as I got from in person classes
More motivation to actually do the work because discussions hold me accountable. 
No choice of procrastination if watching recorded lectures then 
Because I can look through at my own pace.
I get easily distracted in a live lecture when conducted online 
I am able to ask my professor questions in real time while they are going through the material rather than having to email them after watching a pre-recorded lecture.
It’s way more personable and easier for students to receive instruction. It’s the closest to normal in person classes.
It keeps me accountable and I am able to ask questions in real time. 
Most of my classes are discussion based so this allowed for those discussions to continue. Also, this seemed the best option for language courses. 
Makes you more responsible to show up for class, it is more engaging than watching a record lecture, and direct feedback/interaction with peers and teachers.
I keep up with live lectures better than recorded lectures; I am much less likely to fall behind. I also pay attention better in live lectures than recorded. 
It is easier to engage with the lesson and ask clarifying questions; feels closest to an actual in-person lecture
It allowed to ask questions and receive answers in real time/more efficiently.
I can pause because my instructors tended to talk faster than in class/ leave notes for less time up
I can pause the video to take notes and absorb the information as it comes.
It lets you interact with the professor and other students, asking questions and answering other students questions 
There’s more room for connection and q&a sessions than recorded lectures.
Adjustable to different schedules
More relevant content from the class gets covered during lectures
Keeps me on a schedule, engage with the content, most of my live Zoom lectures are recorded as well
It is easier to do all of the work and I feel like there is less wasted "class" time
Live classes allow me to keep a schedule and not feel overwhelmed/procrastinate. If their was no online classes I definitely did not fully engage with the material
I have only experienced online learning via Zoom, so this is the only mode I know 
It keeps me accountable and it functions a lot more like my classes did before. 
Because I’m able to refer back to the recorded lecture when I need more clarification. 
Attending synchronous classes is difficult at home; would rather listen to lectures on my own time 
Having actual face time with my professors and classmates has really helped me feel motivated this semester, even though I am at home. Doing zoom classes gave me some reminder that I was in college and required to complete college-level work. The breakout groups on zoom were also helpful for peer collaboration, though it is nowhere near the same as in person classes. 
It's more engaging and forced one to block time in the schedule.
It is the most interactive form.
Minimal time wasted on discussing previous work - I can choose the timing of my classes 
This is the only medium I have experience in
I'm able to access information at any time and at my own convenience.
I get to ask questions live
I really like interacting with people! Seeing my classmates/professor made my classes seem more real and tangible. 
Because i can ask questions as i’m learning
It felt the most like being in an actual classroom 
Because my professors keep changing times. Making it confusing
I like to refer back to the lectures so this answer is based off of the fact that my profs recorded and posted the lectures online after the live version. Live lectures forced me to actually attend and not procrastinate the lecture
I can go back and revisit any material. I also can pause and resume if needed.
active engagement and discussion!
Is more dynamic, like to see professor and classmates
Because it better emulates my normal class experience and I can hear from the other students, not just the professor.
I preferred having live classes because it forced me to still be productive and not get behind! It kept me motivated.
As it forces you to watch the lectures and be active in the class
Have if live classes resembled my in person experience the most. For class with prerecorded lectures it felt like I was in a prolonged finals period/ doing work but class did not feel in session. I engaged more in live classes and felt more accountable for my work since I was meeting multiple times a week and engaging with the professor and other students.
Easier to complete on your own schedule and can take your time to understand the material
Online lectures are hard to focus on and stressful to attend. I’d rather just be told what needs to get done and do it on my own. 
I can ask questions in real time via the chat function, and/or ask any follow up questions. We can bounce questions off of each other as a class to get a better understanding of the content. I also feel much more of a sense of connection with my classmates and teachers. 
maintains a schedule and routine to the day whereas other methods resemble homework assignments instead
Because it is the most similar to class time discussion
Less lag and more productive use of time
It’s faster to get a response to a specific question
It’s basically the same as an in person class except there are no distractions. Also, you can watch/complete the lectures on your own time.
I can rewatch the parts I miss for recorded lectures.
I enjoyed being able to ask questions in class. I think if I was a freshman in mostly gen Ed classes, I would like recorded lectures so I could increase the speed of the lecture. 
It is the closest thing to in person classes.
Immediacy and still a human connection element. 
I like studying at my own pace and not rushing to write down notes while the professor is live and they’re scrolling through the screen rather quickly. 
I currently live in a different timezone (-11 hrs) which made zoom classes challenging.
Getting to ask questions directly, live discussion, etc
It's easier to stay on track when you have to attend a live class vs watching a prerecorded one and there are more opportunities for interacting. 
Ability to ask questions in real time and get feedback.
I like the sense of having class with fellow students and being able to chat with them (in the zoom chat feature) or ask the professor questions in real time
Asynchronicity allows me to work, lost my job due to the pandemic so now working all possible hours
It feels more collaborative to have Zoom lectures.
Allows more interaction with the professor that is closest to in-person interaction, which is the most useful in my opinion. 
Interaction/easy to get feedback
Engagement 
It's easier to go back and review something a teacher has said.
It helps me to keep a consistent schedule and allows for an opportunity to interact and ask questions of the professor and other students in real time 
Mixture of live and recorded classes 
I felt that I learnt the most that way and it kept it more interactive and interesting. 
So I can view it at my own time 
the interaction and engagement with profs and other students makes a huge difference 
I can teach myself in my own time. It’s like buying a course and managing my work on my own 
Feels more present and like I’m there 
I am currently in a very different time zone from my university so live classes have been difficult to keep up with, while recorded lectures I can watch at any time
I can take my time completing assignments 
Interactivity
Although I get lazy and unmotivated  to watch them sometimes. I can pause the video and take notes, analyze and understand as many times as I need to. I could not do this with live Zoom meetings. I thrive with online classes. 
I am a music student and this is the medium that allows me to get close to what it would feel like to perform in front of a class 
It keeps me on schedule time wise
I can see my classmates and it gives me a reason to get up a dressed appropriately in the morning
Live is more engaging and forces me to go to class at the same time as I would if I was on campus
I’m an acting major, and the select classes I took that only used discussion boards/ written assignments didn’t teach me anything about the craft I’m studying at school. 
zoom/virtual class meetings and discussions cause me a lot of anxiety and it’s very hard to focus during them 
It’s much easier to focus
in person. easier to pay attention more engaging!
It is interactive and closer to a conventional classroom. 
It's an accountability thing. I don't think I would get the work done otherwise.
I like hearing the instructor talk through the big ideas of the lesson and hearing and seeing other students. I guess I like the face to face, although virtual, connection. I also like recorded lectures. 
I can rewatch the lectures on my own time and alter the speed to skip over administrative stuff. 
Gives me motivation and structure in my day to complete my work
It allows me to participate and practice skills, not just repeat content
Engagement 
It's most engaging.
live classes
It’s the closest thing to a face-to-face learning
It can be done on your own time, and provides more of a structure
It’s more interactive and gives students more opportunities to learn from one another.
It helps me connect one on one with the professor and form a bond that is simulated as if it’s a classroom.
I love the ability to still engage with the professor and other students 
We can ask questions still
Helps students engage more in what their learning
More engaging, allows you to still participate and connect with people
More interactive
It holds students accountable to due to attendance requirements for lectures 
I think that the point of education is to discuss material, analyse it together, have a conversation and this way you learn better 
Can do it on your own timeline
Because I get to see and hear my porfessor and classmates. It makes is slightly more "normal".
Can access at most convient time, can rewatch and pause the video to take better notes, lectures tend to be more structured and flow better as opposed to the zoom lectures 
It holds me accountable and keeps a schedule for when to do classes.
Because I enjoy active learning and interacting with my peers.
My live zooms were still conducted at the same class time which made it easier to keep my previous college schedule whereas my recorded lectures were uploaded at inconsistent times 
I can access it anytime I want
Because it allows students to attend classes in their own time, especially since we were no longer at physical university so the circumstances that once may have enabled someone to go to a class at a certain time may have changed. Also it’s nice to be able to listen to a lecture again after you’ve reviewed the material yourself to make sure you understand everything or if you’ve missed anything.
I think Zoom meetings are too chaotic but I miss having discussions with my fellow classmates! That’s why I like a discussion board because we are still able to hear each other’s opinions.
Having live meetings keeps me accountable and more engaged in class. If the lecture is recorded I can push it off until another time but if it’s in real time I need to go and be present. 
Forces me to interact with material; less likely to procrastinate
An easier way to communicate, ask questions, and be engaged through a Zoom class, Google meet, etc.
I could do it at my own time/pace
I am able to complete it in my own time. However, it is less engaging to not have other classmates around. 
The one class that I have a Zoom lecture for is very scattered and the technology doesn't seem to be working very well. The prerecorded lectures are where I am able to actually learn things. 
Easier to view at amore convenient time rather than what would have been the designated lecture time in real time 
I like being able to pause the video when I take notes so that I can focus my attention on active listening instead of worry about what I’m missing when I write something down. I also like to revisit the video to rewatch the lecture on more challenging concepts, especially before the exam.
Because I can pause and rewatch bits I don’t understand. 
Communication is easier that way and I have the opportunity to ask questions. It feels more natural
Gives structure to the day, easier to encode information when you don’t have the ability to “pause” literally 
I like being able to speed up the content when I understand it and slow it down when I don’t!
Can ask questions in the moment.
i like being able to ask questions
For my most difficult class this past semester (physics), having a recorded lecture allowed me to be able to take notes at my own speed along with the professor as well as re-watch material whenever I needed it. This also allowed me to work at my own pace, which was helpful because I had a number of other things to do for my other classes.
I can ask questions easier
I have an attention deficit, so it’s very difficult for me to focus on class work when I’m not actually in class, so live lectures is the closest thing I can get to accountability and such. 
I can do it in my own time 
I feel more engaged when it’s live. 
I could choose when I got to view the material rather than having a scheduled zoom call I was required to attend. Choosing my school schedule was nice. 
It creates a schedule for you, and ensures that you don’t fall behind. If you can choose when to listen to lectures, I think there’s a risk of leaving it all to the last minute. However, live lectures that are also recorded and then posted in case you need them are my favourite  
I can do it on my own time when it works for me + if professors post them ahead of time, it allows me to get ahead! 
It allows for more flexible student schedules 
Keeps students accountable 
I am able to skim back and forth through the video in case i missed any points
I am in mostly math classes and this way I am able to pause, understand the concept, and then move on which gives me a greater understanding the first time I learn something because I can go at my own pace. We have office hours for any questions so I can have one on one discussions with my professors that way
Because I can go back and relisten to any information that I missed when writing notes
i was able to go back if I didn’t understand a material clearly
For the one course I had as a live class, I was more attentive and had a structured time to when I had to be present. I prefer to listen to someone speak than to read because I know I respond best when I can hear the tone or passion that the speaker has for the content we are learning. It also made the professor more accessible if I had further questions
I feel like I am an actual student in a class engaging and critically thinking with my peers. When I just watch a video or read something online, that feels like what I could do by myself in my free time anyway! 
It feels most like in person classes
To be interactive, and can ask questions immediately when needed.
When I am at home, I am unable to adhere to a traditional schedule in the same way as it depends on my family’s plans as well. I think live classes are important, but should be used as a supplement rather than primary means. 
it’s easier to pay attention 
Live classes allow for much more connection between people, and it's the people who make university what it is.
more space for interaction
Can watch them whenever I want and can speed up the video
Allows me to watch the lectures in 2x speed and at my own time. 
I would rather have the live aspect of talking to a teacher and seeing people in person as much as possible. When it's all prerecorded you cant do that.
From my experience with other online classes Recorded Lectures is preferred bc the lectures are the closest thing to an inperson class which is where I do better in learning. 
Accountability. I often let lectures pile up until the night before an exam and that was not good for my grades. 
More engaging and feels more like normal classes while recorded lectures feels like I’m teaching myself completely 
Time difference won't be a factor affecting my pursuit of education.
By participating in discussion forums I am more engaged and automatically learn more about the course material as I have to apply it immediately. Furthermore, live classes were stressful since I am an international student and the time difference made it very difficult to participate in live lectures 
I can watch at my own pace.
It allows the work to be completed asynchronously, which is great and makes my life easier. 
Flexibility in time, lack of technical difficulties, ability to change speed of lecture
I’m a bit camera phobic, but I really like hearing my professor’s voice as that helps me understand the material better.
Because I can do the work/lectures when I can best learn. 
Because its a specific time and holds me accountable 
The social aspect was crucial for maintaining accountability and motivation to finish strong. 
Can watch at my own time and pace but still hearing a voice 
i’d rather have a teacher teaching me where we can ask questions live than have to read a textbook or watch a movie and teach myself
greater ability to understand lecture information 
It has more freedom in terms of my day.  It’s frustrating to lose so much if you miss a day of class.  I didn’t have many zoom etc classes, but it was very annoying when I had to.  I couldn’t pay attention or retain much information.
It's difficult to learn just from PDFs. When there are recorded lectures, it's much easier to understand which points are most important, and personally it suits my learning style much better (not a visual learner!)
It helps me keep up with my workload 
Because I can pause a video if I’m struggling with the content & can use my own time management skills to dictate when/where I want to learn. 
The live classes helped me stay motivated and engaged with the material. I found that if I wasn’t being forced to pay attention, I often didn’t and would simply do the assignment just to complete the course and not learn anything. 
It is far more engaging when I can actually interact with my professor in real time, face-to-face. 
Ask live questions
I don’t want to be live with my class because I’m so stressed about being called on that I don’t actually learn anything so by having a recorded lecture I can actually learn at my own pace without the stress of being live.
I like to be able to pause and take notes at a reasonable pace, but also have a direction set by the professor and material taught (I struggle to efficiently self teach).
I can do it on my own time and at my own pace. I prefer to work ahead whenever possible. 
Live classes feel like the only way to engage with my professors and classmates and uploaded materials feels like very passive learning. It also feels like asynchronous classes significantly reduce the quality of my education and it is an extreme disappointment.
It’s hard for me to actually sit through pre-recorded lectures/read through uploaded slide documents on my own
More efficient communication. Closest to actual classroom learning. 
Because it keeps me engaged and at least I feel like I’m in class maybe 
It allows me to move at my own pace.
I don’t like any of them, but at least this way I can watch on my own time and pause when I need to or watch on double speed. It offers me the most flexibility, but again, I haven’t found a single method of online learning that I’ve enjoyed so far. 
I like to work independently/ at my own pace
It is hard to understand written material and not knowing what are you supposed to do without having someone that explains to you while you go step by step 
Easier to fit in my schedule and still teaches the material
I’m able to work at my own pace and focus on details otherwise skipped over due to the lack of time.
It allows me to work at my own pace, I can ask my professors questions via email if I need help 
Its easier to pause, rewind and come back to after the first video watching
Because it is most similar to regular class in school
I’m a hands on learner so video meeting for class is almost like having class in person
I am primarily a visual learning (so I don't mind reading) however paired with the lecture/audio of the instructor I find the course to be so much easier to make an A in. Especially in an online format, it helps me understand how the teacher words/wants things done (versus just intepreting the info on my own and having some conflicts. I also like having recorded versus live so that I can listen again/on my own time. 
It is very simple to understand and I just have to focus on what is uploaded instead of getting wrapped up on when meetings are on zoom and tech issues.
I can watch the same lecture at my own pace.
Because it requires participation and learning on a schedule. It's hard to keep motivated and not procrastinate when you aren't seeing your professor or classmates face to face. 
I feel like I can pause the video and repeat it as much as I want to understand a certain point
It provides the closest substitute to a classroom experience with real-time engagement. 
I prefer learning on my own and not in a class setting, which I would have had to face with things like Zoom. It also allowed me to complete tasks on my own time instead of having to conform to class times. 
easier to move through and not get distracted
It holds me accountable for attending class instead of deciding to have class whenever. 
It feels the most realistic and structured and i find myself more ready to accept the material.
I’m a visual learner and I like the flexibility of doing assignments whenever I want. 
Because it imposes a routine, something that can be super messy when studying online.
Because it's easier for me to concentrate on studying when I have things to read instead of listen to. Also, live classes are hard at home, most of the time there's something happening around which makes it even harder to concentrate. So it's easier if I can just choose the times I study.
Because I can go back to it when studying for finals, and that way I cant miss out any class. 
I prefer this because I feel like I integrate and apply The concepts better
Because I can pause the video to take notes and watch again the parts more difficult to understand
Because if you don’t understand something, you can just rewatch, pause when needed, take proper notes
I find it hard to focus when I'm not doing my own research.
accesibility 
I like to learn by myself under the instructure
Because of how slow the internet is, Zoom lectures can't be convenient all the time. However when the lecture is recorded, you can study with no interruptions and you can always go back to that lecture if you forget something.
