More interactive, can ask for help easily etc
More face to face feel
Can pause it, and learn at your own pace
Chill
Easier to follow and look back on
Can be interactive and ask questions
Most similar to normality and provides a routine
You are able to receive all of the content in a very realistic way without the pressure of it being live and the nervousness that comes alongside that. 
It is more interactive 
Easier to get it done and it’s as stressful
Makes learning collaborative as it would be in school 
More opportunities for discussion 
Allows more of a conversation to flow and questions to be easily asked.
Because it makes it easier to understand. 
More opportunities to ask questions/seek clarification as the learning is happening. 
I can choose when I want to do the work as opposed to a scheduled time
easier to understand, can ask questions in real life 
Interaction with teachers and other students 
More engaging/interactive, holds me more accountable
I can do work at my own pace 
People are free to respond in their own time, and it allows arguments to be constructed in a concise manner
It is more similar to real life and easier to get engaged
I like being able to interact with my teachers and classmates. 
I feel less pressure as I can do the work in my own time 
Easier to ask questions and engage live with the material 
Able to ask questions and get immediate response 
Remember the content more effectively
More interactive 
There’s room to ask the professor 
As I can talk directly with the teacher and helps with structure 
It gives you the feeling of a teacher explaining something and you can go through it in your own time.
I can do it when I have time and feel like it
It can be done on your own time, and provides more of a structure
easier personally to learn
Questions can be answered immediately. It is more interactive 
It gives the possibility to interact with professor and class mates 
Quickest way of communicating
Actually in a conversation with a teacher 
You get explanation of the work instead of being told what to do and not understanding 
Feel less isolated easier to get help
Better Interaction and Engagement
It doesn’t rely on stable internet connection and you don’t run the risk of missing anything. You can go back and look on things you weren’t sure about 
zoom is too awkward and not always accessible to everyone
It forces you to show up and not procrastinate 
Easier to concentrate and i can take my time 
It resembles "normal classes" the most and you can instantly ask questions instead of having to wait for an email.
I get to see and interact with my course mates and facilitator
Accommodates to daily lifestyle so can do when free which allows us to work to the best of our potential as not concerned about what we should be doing 
Because it is good to see other opinions and views on the subject.
It means I can do it in my own time. 
Allow to do in own time
If it is conducted well, it’s just like normal class but it’s easier to ask questions 
Get an instant reply from lecturers
Gives the posiibility of interaction
It's the only one I've really experienced. It's nice being able to do things at your own pace but I miss the interaction
works around my sleeping schedule and when im feeling most productuve
i don’t need to do it or be available at a particular time for a class/session. it also allows me to spend as much time on something as i need
More personal 
I am a music student (I’m playing Viola) and you need to have individual lessons in order to improve. It’s different with music theory. 
I can complete it in my own time, but it is still talked through and explained properly by an expert 
not really applicable but i was sent emails from teachers with suggestions of things to fill my time 
Most structure 
Online lessons cause anxiety
It’s more engaging and you actually have to show up and be somewhere whereas recorded lectures you can sort of push back
Interaction, you HAVE to be there, if it’s optional I won’t do it 
More engaging and interactive 
Because we are all still able to interact with one another and the teacher.
Close to in-person 
I can do it whenever I feel like it
Freedom to spend as long on a task as I like 
Learning can actually take place within a class environment 
Because it’s more interactive 
Personal contact
you get live interaction with other people
It feels more interactive, means I have to listen and focus and is the closest thing to actual lectures 
It allows real-time engagement with the teacher and the content
It is a lot more convenient for me to study on my own time. 
I can ask questions in real time, and hear my peers opinions and viewpoints on the material so that I have a better and wider understanding of it
Better interaction for asking questions 
Work through at own pace and then ask questions 
I find it more engaging to hear the information as if it was live 
It gives you the flexibility to do it whenever during the day
I can spend more time learning the material in a way that I best understand
I still feel like I get the community feeling of being in class! My college has small class sizes (25 students max), so community is really important to me
There are more possibilites for interaction
Interactive and engaging 
It is more engaging and stops procrastination as much.
I am able to ask questions live 
It allows active interaction and engagement with content as well as the ability to ask questions and get an immediate response
Recorded 
You can actively participate in discussions and ask questions when needed. 
you get the lesson as taught in class
There’s an interactive aspect to it that forces me to listen 
easier to engage in lessons and understand the content as it is explained better. there is the chance to ask questions to consolidate learning.
It allows us to work in our own time frame, but I think this form works best in conjunction with recorded lectures or zoom lectures and seminars/classes. 
Can go back to the recorded lectures again. It's way more convenient than the zoom sessions, which to be honest are a waste of time. 
Live interaction with teacher and students 
Can rewind back over
Because it enables me to continue learning in a similar way as regular school, but also gives me a more flexible schedule.
Allows a more interactive environment while also available to do in your own time
You can interact with other people and ask questions
A mixture of uploaded videos and live tutorials worked really well for me
No need to be at live lecture
I want to be able to ask questions and make sure the professor can't ignore it, as they ignore emails 
Easier to take notes and re listen to videos 
More interaction, easier to question at that exact moment than after the lecture, hear others views and opinions on the topic 
more interactive and engaging, more likely to actually do the lecture
Actually Im working on my thesis, so I work on a project on my own. This is veryyy hard, since I really need social contacts to get motivated. Therefore, my weekly meeting with my supervisor by Skype is really helpful
To engage with other people 
Social anxiety from zoom calls, just easier to work myself 
I can go throught the material at my own pace and pause when i need to note something down in more detail or look up a word or concept. 
Because I can always recheck the lecture and rewatch what I don’t understand 
It is clear enough to understand and then copy the notes
I do not receive this mode of teaching, however I feel like to be able to hold discussions with classmates and the teacher would be beneficial 
More interactive 
you do not have to speak
Chance to answer questions and easier to engage with the material as it’s harder to get distracted
It allows interaction with the Professor, especially considering that evaluation is done through my participation in classes 
More interactive 
I can interact with my teacher and ask questions if I don't understand something. 
Can look back on it and also can watch any time 
I can ask questions and it is more motivating
A chance to engage with the tutors and other students live is great. Replicates the tutorial system of my university.
Allows you to work at your own pace.
Because we get to see the professor and interact with him/her
The topic can be explained better + I do not need to spend time learning it myself on top of doing the assignments. 
Ability to take my time but also have the engaged teaching.
You have a live conversation with someone. 
It is interactive and pretty much the same as being in a lecture.
Can rewind 
I can make my own schedule 
I don’t like being in a video chat 
Can do at any time but still getting full info from lecturer 
So you can ask questions!
Easier to get feedback
it forces me to actually get on with the work as opposed to it being prerecorded for example i’d just put it off.
Less pressure I can do it at my own pace
Allows to do it in own time, less pressure, more flexible 
Because I can interact easily with my professors 
Because you can have interaction with the other students
More personal and effective especially if you have questions 
I can interact with my class and my teachers, this helps me to learn
It’s better than just being sent material e.g. powerpoints to learn from 
Online classes are not very engaging and I prefer to self study. 
Can be done when I have time
Do in own time
It is more engaging and it feels like  it takes less time than watching recorded lectures.
More interactive and engaging 
Can listen whenever you want! And makes it easier to go back and re listen if you forget something 
more motivated to actually do something, the most similar to 'actual' classes
Closest you can get to real life teaching, although it still doesn't begin to match the quality of face to face teaching 
Get to interact 
Have to connect at a specific time so helps to maintain routine, more engaging
I preferes when we had classes on person. But I like the zoom classes that are recorded and then we can study for those recordings. 
You can ask questions and learn from other students 
I get talked through the content I'm learning and get to ask questions in real time.
it is easier to ask questions to the teacher and personally i find it easier being able to see who is teaching you live (i.e. rather than on a video) as the ability to communicate with them in real time encourages question asking which is a valuable way to learn.
More interaction, have dedicated time to study
I can take my time to understand. 
We can stay more in touch with our teachers 
Easier to not get any work done
The learning is more guided 
It allows you to access the work in your own time, but still has the same sense as being in a classroom with the visual and auditory learning.
Less pressure than online videos but also get to talk with lecturers directly 
Easier to stay focused
More engaging and interesting 
As someone with dyslexia I find it easier to understand and ability to ask questions 
It's nice to have some semblance of the classroom experience. It's not always super productive depending on the teacher, but I am glad we get to connect online sometimes in most classes. 
I get to interact with the teachers and ask teachers in real time instead of being sent a presentation for me to complete the work 
Can ask questions directly and be taught properly 
Because you can pause it whenever you want and you can watch it whenever you want
I engage more in my learning that way 
Because it feels a tiny bit like class, you can ask questions if you need to and I understand things better when hearing/seeing them as opposed to just being sent readings to do.
You can learn at your own pace and have a more flexible schedule
Not awkward and doesn’t need fantastic connection, accessible for almost all
If I wish to revisit a certain topic, I know that it’s there . 
Am able to go back and look over the lesson and take my time in making notes and taking in the information
Provides more structure to studying, and has the possibility for group discussion and collaboration 
Better communication with the teacher and the class
The classes are often not prepared very well and almost always followed up with an email with more clear information 
You have the ability to directly consult your teacher if there is any confusion, as opposed to writing convoluted emails where you have no input as to whether or not the response would directly help you (incredibly time consuming).
Forces me to stick to a routine and it’s a more interactive way of learning 
It’s easier to get an immediate response on your doubts from the teacher and you can interact with your classmates and debate opinions.
I’m a bit camera phobic, but I really like hearing my professor’s voice as that helps me understand the material better.
It is the only ones which involve actual interaction
Because it allows to maintain a high quality content while learning times are managed by the students
much Easier to stay focused, helps me understand  the content when dynamically explained like in a lecture, and can ask questions with immediate answer so there is no block to my understanding whereas an email might take time to get a responce
I’m in more control of when I do it 
More time to consider my own thoughts/opinions. Can be returned to after the session, and therefore more accessible to those who cannot attend a real time session
Face-to-face classes
it's difficult to set the right amount of work (I have a tendency to overdo it) but a live lesson is a compact block of time that means it is equal for everyone (no one does too much or too little work)
Recorded lectures allow me a lot of flexibility, I can listen to them whenever and I can also go back and listen again if I need to
can ask questions and talk to other students
Because it is easier for me to take notes.
Far more interactive and similar to a classroom, also nice to interact with teachers and friends! 
I can stop when I need to write notes
It allows me to watch and study the material at my own pace, which is important for me because I cannot be as focused on my work as I would be in normal circumstances 
Live classes allow students to further engage with the material by asking questions etc
easiest to understand 
Allows me to pause and rewind so if I don’t understand something or I need a break I have that option. Also being able to watch things on 1.5x speed is great
More interactive and engaging live
It’s much easier to understand when it’s an actual person explaining it not just me reading it off slides, but like when it’s recorded so I can watch it at a time that sits me/ pause it to take notes etc
Help if your stuck more engaging 
As a student trying to work part-time on the frontline (supermarket) my hours increased due to higher demand and therefore my university schedule was disregarded as my job took priority. With recorded lectures I can log into them at any time that’s convenient for me! 
Abilitiy to receive better explanations, as well as being able to pause/look back at it
There's more engagement between lecturers and students so it's much more of an active experience 
Feels like being in a classroom again :)
I can work in my own pace. 
It’s interactive 
Most life like interaction, more motivate when class is live 
I can organize my time more efficiently and I I’m quite organized so I just find it much easier.
 Very interactive 
verbal explanation is easy to follow
I can have my own schedule
Can be done on my own time and can look through the lectures if missed a part etc 
Because you get to interact with classmates and teachers and if you have a question you get an answer immediately
We can engage as well and we can ask questions in real time
I’m able to ask the lecturer questions and get an immediate response.
More motivation 
Easier to ask questions and interact with the teachers
Feels more "normal", I pay more attention
More personal 
Forces you to do the work and get to see classmates 
It gives you the opportunity to participate and ask questions to your teacher. 
More interactive, easier to ask questions
I like how it forces you to keep on track and stay active. It keeps the community as alive as it can be when you aren’t physically together and it gives you the opportunity for quick responses from your teachers
Because it's a lot less awkward than live classes and it allows you to do the work in your own time at home. 
Because you can ask questions about a topic which isn't clear to me right away
I can choose when to do it
It makes the lessons more interactive. They replicate the classroom more 
Live classes
Because I can do the work/lectures when I can best learn. 
it allows me to take the classes at my convenience when i’d be better prepared mentally to take them (if i’m forced to wake up for an 8am zoom class, for example, i likely won’t be very receptive during the class)
There is more interaction with the teacher
Because I manage my time
It's more dynamic
More interaction between professor and students
Studying at home can prove to be very distracting, but live lessons allow me to be fully engaged with the course - also it’s nice to communicate with others.
it involves interaction with the teacher and the class, it's probably the closest to real-life school 
I get to socialise with those in my class 
I'm getting more out of every class then it isn't just the teacher talking or that we need to make an individual assignment 
Keeps routine 
I am an introvert so i videos are better than zoom.
It's more natural and when someone teaches me something I understand it better than reading it myself
As students we get to interact and ask questions and we receive a reply instantly.
As it keeps my attention longer, I get to interact with peers
Not only is it an online class but it also allows every student to discuss and voice their own opinion and get involved in class like normal 
The face to face interaction makes it easier for us to ask teachers when we don’t understand something. 
Because you can ask questions As you are being taught as soon as you are unsure about something and receive a face to face response 
I’m able to interact with the teacher and ask questions directly, and when they arise because I usually forget them 
The opportunity to still have a delivered lecture with more understanding and opportunity to ask questions. My cohort for my course is only small so lectures are always a discussion aswell. 
Because its a specific time and holds me accountable 
Live lessons are good but can seem instructed sometimes whereas videos are often better laid out and as my cohort is small emailing questions if needed wont be negatively affecting the tutor/not overwhelming 
I feel that it is more personal and I like having real time interaction with my teachers and classmates 
More social interaction possible
More interactive and fosters a better discussion than a simple upload 
Can be done at your own pace 
My internet connection isn't the best, so despite the fact that I love interacting with my professors and ask questions, it's easier to have a recorded lesson that I can go back to and have notes. Luckily they all record their live sessions for us to keep!
Its more interactive and i personally more closely associate it to the normal lectures we used to have ay school as opposed to recorded lectures
Especially in science instant feedback and communication is key! 
I prefer to have live interactions with lecturers and other students. pre recorded lectures restrict the two-way teaching that live lectures offer. 
I don't particularly like any. However, I like being able to go back over what was said to avoid me getting confused as during this time I am finding concentration difficult 
Can ask questions 
ability to ask questions
Because u can rewatch every now and then
It’s more interactive and gives students more opportunities to learn from one another.
You can have quick and easy conversations and actually see what your teacher is talking about
Able to listen/watch whenever you want 
zoom
Because that way i dont have to follow my "normal" schedule and can choose the best time to study a certain subject
Can answer and ask as many questions as I want without feeling awkward or naggy. 
It would be my preferred mode if my school were to utilise it, the emailed resources have been few and far between for a school with a high reputation 
More active engagement
More interactive and I can ask questions when needed- it is easier to explain in a conversation than by email
More interaction available and forces you to stick to a routine 
You can ask questions while the professor speaks and It’s easier to interact with the class
It allows the most engagement with my teachers / peers, making content easier to understand and allowing me to discuss my thoughts and opinions with others. It makes for the most similar situation as would normally happen.
more interactive
Uploading assignments allows me to work at my own pace, reducing stress and allowing me to be more efficient at home.
Don’t like videos - harder to follow and learn at same time
So if we are unable to be at the live lecture for whatever reason, we do not miss out on a lecture! 
It's good to have immediate access to the teacher and still have that element of socialising with other students, and having discussions

Most interactive 
It allows students to absorb information at their own pace (able to pause if lecture is recorded). Also students with anxiety or poor mental health in lockdown don't have to feel worried about answering questions on the spot. They are also re-watchable.
When the lesson is as "face to face" as possible, it is far easier to feel engaged and "normal". 
Because you can actually engage with your lecturer (to a certain point). 
More interactive with teachers 
Because you have to be there! It helps to structure your time and means you can’t get behind 
Allows me to pause and replay to really make sure I could understand the content.
I‘m alone when completing/understanding work and it is reassuring that I can see other people asking questions, being confused etc. It feels more like normal school and I we can’t be overset work if it is live. 
I feel as though I’m getting as much information as I would in a face-to-face lecture instead of just making notes from the PowerPoint/lecture slides that I have been given - I have no extra materials. 
You can skip forward and watch the lectures faster or repeat certain parts
It’s more engaging.
I can interact with my teachers and peers easily, and it’s easier to understand the content
I find it harder to motivate myself to join a live class than just watching recordings or discussion forums - it just makes me more anxious but i didn’t have that problem when actually going to lectures/seminars 
Provides semblance of human contact while not having the stress of having to be on a video call myself
Structure and interaction 
Makes me actually engage with the lecture, as it’s at a set time
Lecturers seem to be more thorough when talking to themselves 
Better engagement but also flexibility
we can ask questions while the teacher is teaching so we have the feeling that we are in an actual classroom 
Can do it at my own pace in my own time 
I prefer doing classes over zoom because you still have that valuable discussion time with both teachers and students, and it helps to develop our ideas/depth of subjects.
Because i can check them out and keep up with them whenever i want without the responsibility of catching up on the live classes
Live lessons allows us to ask questions to the professor directly via the chatbox (this would not be possible with recorded lectures). Having live lessons sort of also helps us to create a routine whilst in quarantine (having to attend classes at specific timings just like in school instead of just doing the lesson whenever you want). 
People can ask questions to the lecture and the lecture can ask us questions. Also they can see that you have went to it. 
Better delivery of information
Able to go at your own pace but also videos is more engaging than just looking through worksheets and PowerPoint slides
Easier to ask the teacher questions live. But there is still a significant barrier when the teacher has to end the zoom WITHOUT asking if we have questions. In return, I feel less prepared and thus less motivated to tackle assignments because I didn’t understand the material to begin with. 
I can rewatch the videos whenever I need to and can pause it and do it at my own pace
Go at own pace
More engaging
It creates the closest environment to studying physically at the university I go to. I feel like recorded lectures feel so informal and don't create a structure so having live chats make my weeks more structured
easier to understand when you listen to your teacher/ he or she is present 
Quick communication 
Easier to share ideas with other students and immerse yourself in the subject. It can be difficult to focus entirely on a task when you are just reading or listening to a lecture, but being asked to engage with other students and contribute to a group discussion really aids active learning. 
It is the most “normal” kind of teaching, compared to how it was before. Lectures generally works really well for me, and the limited amount of student participation makes it easily transferable into a zoom-lecture
Our school combines uploading materials with six zoom sessions per school day. I prefer the assignments, because they depend on me and I get to complete them on my own schedule with the deadlines in mind. Additionally, we use google classroom, which enables private feedback from teachers on assignments that is less possible with the whole class.
Most like a normal lecture/seminar
Allows you to ask questions in the moment 
it is more engaging for it to be live and also a way of staying a part of the community
Interaction with students/teachers + the possibility to ask questions
I can work at my own pace 
could pause and play video until you understood material

Because teachers cant overload you with content this way, unlike when its uploaded it can take way longer to complete as there is no set time frame its happening in
It’s very interactive and an interesting way to learn 
Easy to learn 
I can watch it back
It feels more like the structure of a typical class and gives a set time to be engaged for and be able to ask questions and have live feedback. Also hearing other students questions and points. 
Ask questions live for example I emailed my teacher but still had no response and its been a month
Because I can schedule it myself 
There’s more interaction if you’re not sure on something or you want to add an idea to the discussion
It makes it easier to ask questions and for my teachers to explain in detail. It also minimises my distraction because I have to be focused in that moment, it’s not something I can “put off until later”
i get to interact with my teachers more easily than through google classroom 
More like a classroom vibe/feel
It’s interactive
More interactive, at Chester we have small classes of around 9 students and don't have lectures anyway, so it isn't very different from normal
I am more of a visual learner 
Although I miss discussion of means I can work at my own pace and at times that suit me
I find be able to actively discuss the material the most beneficial as it is an active form of learning. I find other methods far to passive. It is easier to discriminate between what I understand and what I don't when I have to explain my thinking
it’s the most like a normal lesson. you can receive instant feedback from teachers & are held accountable for your work.
Being able to interact and doing the work together. More likely to procrasinate it off until a later date if others weren't doing it with me
I can interact and ask for help
I feel more engaged and on the loop
I can stop the video to take notes more easily
It’s the only mode I have recieved 
We are able to ask our questions whenever we want and we get the answer in the moment not in like chats for example where our questions are seen after a while.
I feel like it’s more interactive and it helps me pay attention as doing work from home allows me to be distracted more easily
It allows me to ask questions about the topic and the professor can actually detect if we are not understanding and repeat the explanation
most like being in actual lectures
Can watch back in my own time but still also have the lesson in another form of media (for example, something to read and something to listen to)
I get the most in-person-esk interaction while on Zoom. We do use uploaded materials to complement the Zoom lecture and will often review coursework by rewatching the recorded zoom lecture that was previously live. 
Easier to interact/ask questions
Because I can actually speak to my teacher still
I do better when instructions are written with steps
Becauseit is the way that most resembles face-to-face classes. 
Can go back and listen again if the prof moved too quickly 
Available 24/7
I am able to learn at my own pace and pause the lesson and make notes.
It makes the material understandable and I can repeat the leacture whenever I want 
Interaction is possible
Scheduled time, interaction
Because of active interaction 
You can watch it as many times as you wish. It allows you to plan and gives you more freedom
We have primarily discussion-based education so it’s the easiest way to participate and have actual discussions with your tutorial group
keep the person to person interaction
It is useful as I can work at my own pace so I am not wasting time but I am not hurrying 
I can ask questions easily to the lecturer and have discussions as a class
There is more interaction and also the ability to ask questions 
I can re-watch the videos anytime.
you can follow the lecture at your own pace and pause or speed it up 
i can decide when i want to watch the lecture 
I find it more time efficient, I learn better from reading than listening to a lecture 
It makes me engage more with the learning, as opposed to when the materials are released for me to complete in my own time. I also like to hear others opinions on a topic (I study European politics so this is very important)
More interactive
Being able to ask questions in real time and bounce ideas off each other. Loved feeling less alone during these sessions. 
I can do it in my own time.
It is the one that feels the most normal
I can do it in my own time 
allows for students to engage with instructors and other students 
We get to fully engage and get feedback
Ability to ask questions and engage. 
Will be less messy and more useful 
it feels closest to normal uni lectures, and i dont do well with just reading stuff online so it helps to have visuals/someone explaining at the same time
Live calls
I've only had live classes but often miss things, with recorded lectures I'd be able to go back as many times as needed and also make my own schedule acording to which parts of the day im most productive
it was interactive
I can do it whenever I have time
it’s the only one i’ve experienced 
Can ask question and people contribute
I find it easier to have what I have to do infront of me, and be able to ask questions via email or 1 on 1 calls if necessary
The lectures can be referred to later, and I can learn and understand on my own pace.
Because the class can ask questions instantly and it‘s easier to comprehend the content 
Easier to focus
Because it is easy 
More interaction with my profs, “face to face” answers are always more clear than when you have to type it out, ...
Easiest to follow as you can work through it at your own pace
I can plan my day as it suits me and I can focus on what I am personally interested in (e.g. do some extra research)
You can rewatch them
You have the opportunity to ask questions, and interact with other students (which makes it feel a lot more like college).
It allows you to have the most control over your learning and the depth that you can go 
you can still engage with people and ask questions
It is easy to keep up with the course because classes are scheduled. It also gives (even though very limited) a sense of community, since the coursemates are listening to the same lecture too.
you can rewatch it if you’re struggling
You can complete all work within your own preffered timings so you can spend less time on something you find easier and spend a greater amount of time on something you find difficult and takes longer to learn and understand 
I am able to concentrate better
Helps to keep a schedule and it is more like in person teaching with opportunity to ask questions. 
I can watch it whenever i am feeling productive 
Opportunity for live discussion, replication of seminar environment
It's nice to be able to physically see my friends and my lectures. Instant feedback to questions! Sometimes they're the only people who I talk to in the day 
Its more similar to in person classes and you can ask questions in the moment 
Gives opportunity for the closest to normal education possible. It’s more interactive and can almost feel like normal lessons. 
Easiest to get done and ask questions back.
Easier to get a better grasp of the topic being studied and you are free to rewatch the video as many times as you need in order to understand the material
I can’t still engage with the professors and other students while studying from home. They do breakout sessions that allow us to work in small groups. I do have the added benefit of materials being uploaded and recordings available for one week on top of live classes.
It feels like being in a classroom and you can understand the content better with someone teaching you 
Feels most like irl lectures and classes, I feel most productive even though they are not the method in which I necessarily get the most done, however they are the method where I feel most accountable.
Doesn't restrict me to certain times, which contributes to independence in deciding the best time to do work 
its easier to have things directly explained and still have scheduled contact with teachers, would feel less like learning entire courses ourself
You can ask questions and it mimics real life lessons the best (in my opinion)
can be done at my own pace
Because you get to interact with other students and to deepen your understanding through discussions and helping each other. 
You can work through at your own pace.
It’s more interactive and I feel that I am able to retain the content taught for longer and have a clearer understanding of the work covered.
The social aspect was crucial for maintaining accountability and motivation to finish strong. 
It’s effectively a live lecture with the ability to pause and rewatch certain elements which help to retain or even understand the information 
I can watch it during my preferred times and slow or pause at sections when I need it. 
can ask accurate questions that can be answered promptly and efficiently  
I can work at my own pace and when suits me
While a Zoom might be the subject of technical difficulties as well as a limited time frame, a recorded lecture combines the freedom of uploaded materials with the dynamic teaching of an instructor! 
Easy access and can watch whenever and again 
More interactive, less dehumanising 
If we missed a concept or didn’t understand it, we could rewind to refresh our understanding 
It is easier and I feel more comfortable to ask questions
You can ask questions and get answers properly explained in person
Because for me it’s better to interact with the teacher easily if I want to ask questions, so it’s more comfortable and efficient.
It is more dynamic and students are able to participate and ask questions
it feels more immediate
You can ask questions live and get an answer straight away
Students are more angaged and interested
I remember the material better if I’m listening to the teacher explaining it.
Able to pause the video to take notes or rewind to look back at anything.
With live classes I would have more structure to my. days, now there are a lot of difficulties with classes not being online yet- so it is a bit hard. Also I feel like it would be easier to pose questions that way and also with the classes being recorded online- it takes me so much more time than a normal class would to get through. When I can write down every word the professor says, I want to do it. So a video of 2 hours easily takes me about 5 hours to watch, because I want to write everything down (because I can)
I can decide when I do my assignments and make my own schedule. 
Because I am able to ask questions while the professor is explaining and also it gives me some kind of routine and I can be more productive, also they record the lessons as hey do them live so I can listen to them again and even listen to the answers to the questions
While we are social distancing, this provides more contact with others.
i like the ‘face to face’ feeling on a zoom call, and i think it’s easier for the teacher to explain while i listen and take in the information like i do in a classroom
It is less interactive and can be done on any time, which is really helpful during difficult days in lockdown
I understand best when I can have someone explain the concept to me. Zoom may also be a good option but my school has not organized that. 
Flip classrooms lectures were you do a bit of pre reading and solve and discuss problems during class
You can interact with your teatchers and dont have to send in your questions with the fear they might not get answerd 
More engaging and makes the learning process easier
It allows chance to do work alone, hand in the assignment, and get feedback without having to do a whole class discussion 
Creates a sort of routine
It gives you time to comprehend the material in your own methods and your own time and requires you to deeply understand the material instead of just listening to a lecture while half asleep.
It helps when I need to ask the teacher something right away. It's more practical and easier to communicate. 
Because it’s easier to follow and to write notes
Because it allows you to allocate your own time
Because then you can get the needed information and also ask questions if you don’t understand
Ensures you actually do the lecture rather than thinking “it’ll be there anyways so I’ll do it in my own time”
Recorded lectures help us to learn at our own pace. As a person who's also doing ACCA alongside graduation, it's kinda hard to keep up with the times teachers set for the classes because it's only convenient to them. 
Because this way I can do schoolwork whenever I want to and can plan my time however I wish.
It was more or less like being in class.
Because it allows us to pause the video and take the time needed to fully understand the subject of the course !
we can learn at our own pace and don’t have to just take note of the lesson without thinking about what we are writting
More interactive and worth the money 
It really helps to learn all the work in first year when i hear or see the lecturer talking. It makes doing all the work seem less automated and like i am still interacting with a human being behind all the course work 
Ability to ask questions as you go, mirrors a school environment 
It’s much easier when you can have an open dialogue, rather than receiving emails with far too much information in them. 
I’m more motivated to actually do the work that we are set if it’s in a live lesson 
Face to face interaction makes me feel like my work actually matters and encourages me to actually work
I learn so much from seminars as an MA as the topics are quite difficult so it helps when we discuss it together
It forced me to do my work. HOWEVER, I may be attending a uni overseas this fall, and if I have to stay in the US and do zoom calls/exams a 4am, imma die
I prefer interactive teaching, since I feel like I asorb the content more when I'm taught it, rather than trying to figure it out.
You get a chance to talk to your teacher and ask questions 
It gives us the opportunity for real-time communication and feedback.
You can always refer back to the material, you aren’t under pressure to write everything down as the lecturer in saying it and can instead focus on the material. I also find that I can cover lecture material quicker independently compared to if classes were live where you can’t skip certain elements which you understand/find easier.
Sending notes only is not enough, you can also watch videos again, if you didn’t get it the first time.
You can work at your own pace and it is more in-depth and understandable than emailed materials 
It's easy since I'm a health care student who also has to attend clinical placement. 
More engaging
It is more interactive and engaging. I am on a small course and being able to have discussions to help understand the material is super useful. 
Easy to use at my own pace and refer to whenever.
I feel like when you interact more with the professor and your classmates that you learn more from the class.
It provides us with learning sessions, that in my opinion, are the most similar to those, that used to be at school before Covid 19
I can have a verbal discussion with my lecturers.
It forces you to get studying, and it gives you some king of schedule

I tend to be more focused as i feel the "pressure" to pay attention to the lesson because of the fact that your teacher can actually see you
You can work though at your own pace
Because it's seems more normal: we interact and there is a schedule so I don't get late on my work
Because, as I do French and German, I am able to speak in the target language and have debates and discussions which is something I really value
It resembles “normal” lessons as much as possible - I prefer the interaction
It’s very similar to being in the classroom, without the pressure of being on an online call; you can work at your own pace, with the aid of your teacher/lecturer there to provide the basic information :)
It’s really easy to work and more beneficial 
Hard to stay motivated and concentrated during a zoom call.
Can watch it in my own time and skip the bits I know
live classes help me get all my doubts cleared the second i have them, plus with A2’s next year i can’t afford to not understand the content im being taught
It’s the closest thing we could get to an actual seminar. All of my courses this year have been conducted in 3 hour seminars (ie. no lectures), so this was the only real option we had.
I am able to ask questions there and then
So I know what info I need to learn to get the grade I want. 
Feels more like an actual class
I'm better at learning by myself than from calls as teachers tend to simplify everything as they have to teach people of different levels.
Able to go at your own pace. Lecturers seem to talk slower and explain ideas better than on video call.
It gives me an opportunity to communicate with my lecturers and other students, in a way that will be beneficial and quicker than just emailing them and waiting for a response.
i prefer the interaction with teachers and the ability to catch up, discuss and ask questions as well as learning content. it creates normality in these crazy times
I can do the work in my own time
Independent and can be done at your own pace
Live material is being taught so there can be interaction 
Forces me to keep up w the material vs recorded lectures. Additionally, it gives me contact hours with the professor which i find gives me motivation to keep studying even though its been harder to do so
My degree is very theoretical in nature. I benefit most from applying the theory to questions that lecturers give. It is so easy to zone out of online classes so discussion forums almost force you to stay on track. 
Forces me to keep up with the work live
I feel that recorded lectures I can take my time to fully understand the content in my own time and if I still don’t understand something I can email lectures. 
It’s nice to see everyone from school. Also it gives more structure to my day as the live lessons are at specific times - it’s nice to have a routine.
Allows you to work through materials at your own pace and go into as much depth as you need. 
All cohort participate at the same time 
This is the only mode I’m used to, and this way I can interpret the information in my own way to help me understand and memorise it. Furthermore, I’ll have continually access to this information and will be able to revisit it; something you cannot do with live classes. 
Free to do the work when best suits you 
You are able to ask questions then and there is you are unsure about something.
It allows for a more interactive experience between students and teachers and motivates me to be more involved 
Because it's engaging but I can keep it at my own pace
I can take notes and stop the lectures if I need more time or double the speed if I understand a topic more easier and want to take less time for it 
Because it can keep me focused (provided that we are required to turn on our cameras). 
Instant answers and help
Gives more structure to the day than if it’s just set and nice to see friends and teachers
Because you can interact with others as opposed to just watching lectures 
Because I don't want to feel judged from my peers
Live interaction 
Can interact with lecturer in real time 
Recorded lectures
Recorded videos
Because we can ask questions at the moment and we will be answered at the same moment.
I prefer doing school work by myself, I am usually most productive when doing so
The material sticks more that way, and live teaching allows for on the spot questions
It feels as if we are more connected
Its nice to have face to face interaction 
I learn more I find it easier to focus. 
As the live classes were very time consuming and some people could not get adequate internet connection at the specific time
In live classes teaches don’t tend to get to the point and often work could just be sent to us and it would be just as good but more efficient 
It’s easier to communicate despite the connection issues. Everything can be done there and then.
Because it still allows class interaction even if the class is physically apart
It’s easier to understand concepts hearing someone else explain them in a video.
It is difficult to learn just by looking and reading information 
Helps me to stick to a routine, allows for proper discussion and interaction
Engage with your teachers and get immediate help 
Because it’s the one who resembles face-to-face lessons at school the most 
It's easier to understand new content through video rather than reading it - almost the same as being in a class
It gives me a routine and I still get to communicate with my classmates. My teachers will often leave the zoom open after class is done so we can talk on our own!
You get the explanation properly from the teacher and aren’t going at it alone but you also can access it after to make more notes etc
Live classes fee more interactive 
It is interactive, and way more easier to understand
The interactive nature of offline classes is best recreated with live video classes. 
The recordings can be accessed multiple times, paused, and slowed if needed. They also have much fewer disruptions versus love lectures as are not affected by poor connection etc. 
Easy to interact 
It gives more chance for interaction during lectures and tutorials, which helps in understanding.
I suffer from anxiety and find the discussion over zoom overwhelming (especially with the camera on)to the point that I just avoid them 
Easy to go back over
more interactive and it’s good to see your teachers and other peers in your class
Because you can do it at your on pace, and when the lectures are recorded in a good quality, it is like watching an interesting youtube video or listening to a podcast!
Easier interaction with the teacher and other students.
Because I can actively take part to the class, feel useful and inspired to immediately transform the taught material to some knowledge 
Because of the interaction which helps for a better understanding 
It provides a schedule for my day and it’s a lot easier to pay attention and focus on learning when there’s an actual teacher’s presence! However, it’s tricky because it’s hard to be effective over Zoom for some teachers and I’ve had pretty useless Zoom classes that feel like actual wastes of my almost endless time. Also, scheduling conflicts!!! And unreliable wifi ):
It allows me to work in my own time.
More interaction with class / teachers
it forces me to do the school work fully and efficiently
Easier as live classes aren’t always necessary 
Still receiving the same amount of detail (if not more) as we would in normal face-to-face lectures & can also pause and play to make more detailed notes/get a better understanding of the topic 
Most productive
Because I can’t slack off and can ask questions during a live class

Because I can repeat it as often as I want 
It almost feels like "real" classes. It's easier for the teacher to explain and easier for the student to understand.
Actual connection to teachers in order to ask questions if we don’t understand or have any questions!
It allows students to ask questions and makes for a more personal work environment
it forces the students to engage with the material
Because I can go through it at my own pace 
Able to interact with teacher and other students to gain different perspectives 
So i don’t bave to be on camera
Can watch at my own time and pace but still hearing a voice 
It makes it easier to take notes and actually understand content rather than teaching myself 
Learning through emails doesn’t work properly as you can’t absorb content 
Google classroom assignments
Less stressful, more flexible, and the material is easier to understand
Because it opens up a room for discussion and you get to interact with the other students and teachers. 
Space for interactions. Regardless, connection was often a problem: I liked it when teachers recorded and uploaded the lesson
I can work at my own pace 
Because I can stop the video if I dont understand something. I am studying maths and lectures are very “passive” so you understand more if you have more time to think about it.
I don't like watching the online lectures
because you can question the teacher about anything you're unsure of, it gives structure to your day and you feel like you're doing proper work, not just half-assed efforts to get something done. Also I feel accomplished and the time that it takes to go through something like a language comprehension will significantly decrease if a teacher helps with it as I don't have the time to look up every single thing I don't understand . It's just much more efficient than uploaded material that you have to try and teach yourself.
i like working to my own schedule and at my own pace 
It is more interactive 
I learn the best from someone explaining the material. Live classes can also be useful, but our professors prefer recording their lectures and I'm kind of used to it by now.
You get that social aspect, you get to connect with your teacher more which helps you feel more comfortable with them. Adds a hint of normality 
More interactive, can ask questions and just feel most like being at school 
Better communication 
There is more room for interaction. In our prerecorded courses it’s often just a powerpoint with audio and it’s easier to concentrate if you actually see your professor and/or classmates. I think it’s easier to ask questions in a live lesson and that you’re more involved. 
Because it gives me a reason not to postpone doing the work
It allows you to have a deeper explanation on the topics while being able to organize how much time you want to spend on each one
Because in this method you have accountability to engage with the material in real time but can access it after the teaching time. My University records and uploads all lectures in normal times so this would also be in line with usual teaching practise 
Because I can do it in my own time 
Because it’s the most interactive way of teaching online
I understand material better if it has been explained to me. 
As it would push me to have deeper conversations.
I can do everything in my own pace. I can take my time and pause or rewind something to get a better understanding.
I can ask questions in real time 
It works the easiest 
It's more actively interactive and I see my fellow classmates
I can replay the video to fully understand the content and I can watch it whenever I want 
It’s flexible and feels less formal than having to do a live online call which is nicer for being at home. 
It’s more easy to retain this information
It is more flexible when it come to schedules
Because I can rewatch the lesson anytime, even when I’m having lunch. It’s, in general, easier for me to focus on what the teacher is explaining, because I can go back and I can even stop it to take notes.
It allows you to ask questions and get a response in real time
Gives opportunity for students to ask questions to teachers and for teachers to explain the material and provide guidance with assignments. 
It helps me connect one on one with the professor and form a bond that is simulated as if it’s a classroom.
It forces me to do it! The virus and the situation has really demotivated me with my learning and all my lectures are recorded and uploaded, and as we haven't been having seminars to discuss the topics, I just haven't done any work!!
it’s easier to go back if you missed part of it 
Closest to usual methods of learning
Cause it's easier to take notes
I like to read information and complete tasks based on that as opposed to attending calls where there’s more pressure and more of an expectation
It’s the only one I’ve used and available to me
It’s like being in a lesson at school but with the bonus of going at my own pace and I am able to rewatch bits I may not understand straight away .
because we can ask questions and be actually present in the situation, making it easier to pay attention and lear
I can easily ask question and the teacher is actually able to explain and goes through tricky topics 
if my classes were live I think it would Easier to understand as emails are harder to understand
You can pause, rewind, it’s easier to take notes! 
I like being able to complete my work on my own schedule. 
 Can ask questions
Easy to do at my own pace
Able to ask questions and actively participate during instruction. 
We only have a Zoom call for maths. And I must say, it really helps but of course it is not the same as school itself. For other subjects we are completely on our own 
Easiest to communicate in 
I don't feel as pressured as when I have to go on video call
I like live classes because you can ask questions in the moment and debate with your teacher and classmates. Also you can benefit from questions and comments others make. 
It allows me to replay/ it isn't so tiring as sitting through whole classes
You can interact and share ideas and it motivates you to actually wake up and have a routine like you would at University when you have scheduled classes and deadlines. 
It's more interactive and I feel a lot easier to ask for help and as I do re I have complex texts to understand so it would be nice to have them explained a bit
It is easier and logical to work through
Spending time on a meeting can be awful with others
It is most closely resembling in person class. I like seeing and talking to people in real time because asking q’s is easier and I feel more engaged. 
I can watch this later on instead of only getting one chance to listen.
The work we are receiving is simple and low volume, and it can be completed at ones own pace
More interactive and I keep up with the work more easily rather promising myself that I'll catch up on it later
More interactive 
You are able to ask questions at live time rather than having a delayed response 
Allows you to interact but gives you time to understand the content
because I can listen to it again if I need to
I am able to go through the material at my own pace.
Because it allows you to interact more in the class and ask any questions that you have straight away rather than having to email the lecturer and wait for a response
I find it easier to take factual notes from a video which i can pause and consume in my own time and re visit if needed 
closer to normal teaching
You can ask questions straight away and is more of a classroom format than just getting sent work to do.
I’m able to do it whenever I want and I can speed it up, slow it down, put it on pause etc if I need to.
Get more "real time" interaction with friends and peers. I have the ability to ask questions and get a live response
Theres more pressure to watch it bc if i dont i cant  get it back! also live questions and interaction with teachers
It gives students the chance to interact during the lectures.
It allows for interaction (e.g. We can ask questions in the chat) 
Ability to take things at own pace and revise from material 
because we can see the teacher and also ask questions live
Because I am much better able to focus and understand the content when my teacher and classmates are with me 
It creates a more personal atmosphere making me feel part of the class.
Ability to ask questions, and feel the « presence » of my classmates! Though that was particularly true for classes that had been held in person before (ie. Knew people in the class). For classes online from the start of the semester, my last comment might defer!
Able to ask questions in real time
When they are live, I am forced to keep up. when they are pre-recorded, I can watch them whenever I want and can easily put it off and get behind 
More interaction 
Because recorded lectures don't hold you accountable. Students can slack due to recorded lectures because they are always available. However, live sessions keep a connection and an interaction between students and teachers.
It adds a lot of structure to your days
More interactive, better value for money
More interactive than the other methods and easier to ask for help/discuss
It is more interactive and engaging, I am also able to ask questions whilst covering the material
Less awkward and more productive than video calls where I feel like a lot of time is wasted 
Some videos have the script for the recorded videos too, I enjoy reading them since it doesn’t have as much time as watching the video and then taking notes! 
I like the possibilities to ask questions in the moment they come up. I do appreciate it though if the online class is recorded and can be rewatched to go over the material again  
I would actually engage with the class if it was live, but it takes me forever to watch a recorded lecture. 
It is the most like face to face teaching
i’d rather have a teacher teaching me where we can ask questions live than have to read a textbook or watch a movie and teach myself
I like being able to the work in my own time and do as much as I want sometimes and not others 
you can do the work in ur own time
Engaging with teacher 
Similar teaching to what we would be doing normally, but can pause and rewatch sections
It’s more flexible and I can decide about the time of studying 
Can do in your own time 
Gives me more structure to my day
Allows me to create my own schedule 
It’s real time and interactive. Makes me feel like I’m still in uni...sort of.
As it’s like a normal lesson but not 
It allows for some discussion during class and also holds students accountable for showing up and watching the lectures
Get to ask questions as they arise in the content, and you get to establish more of a relationship with your professor. 
Flexibility
setting a time for study allows me to use my spare time to work. I find it difficult to motivate myself to study if there isnt a time set specifically by a lecturer
It's the most similar way of teaching that isn't in the classroom, it's more engaging than just emails 
It provides a sense of structure to my day since it’s at a set time, and brings back a bit of the social aspect of education. 
I can create my own schedule and work when and where suits me best. 
I get to ask questions and lecturers ask me questions to ensure I understand 
I feel like this is as close to active learning as we can get in these times and having the teacher there and having them teach the class live I feel motivated me to actually go to class more and continue learning that I think I would have felt if I just had to watch some video lectures online whenever I wanted. It would've exponentialized my procrastination ad I probably wouldn't have bothered doing it. Having the teacher send out zoom links that we were expected to be at helped in keeping my motivation somewhat up. 
I believe being able to see my classmates and teachers, helps me pay attention the same way as if I were in a classroom.
The lecturer would explain slides in a lot more detail as they would during a normal lecture or seminar opposed to giving us powerpoints with minimal detail on. 
I feel uncomfortable in front of a camera 
It helps keep me accountable, I have to show up. Allows for a minimum of interaction between teacher and student too
Can ask questions if needed
As it is explained better by the teacher because I can hear her/him speak.
For me, this method feels the most similar to how I was taught before the quarantine. I prefer this method as I feel that it allows me to learn the content in a structured and organized manner. It has allowed me to keep up my study strategies. 
It’s quick and I can get it done at whatever time 
it's similar to the normal ones
It allows greater independence.
Live chats make it easier for me to ask questions as we’re moving along
It's highly similar to the live education I receive at university  
Feels the most like a normal lecture 
Because I can ask the teacher questions and they can let us participate in the lesson 
Can go through in my own time and pause 
You actually get taught the content
I can learn in my own time and when is convenient for me 
It allows me to fully engage with the material being spoken to me, if the info is ah handed to me via a piece of paper, i think I don’t process the information as well 
there’s no distraction of other students, plus my lecturers have been pretty great in their online vids and I feel totally comfortable to email them questions if i have any!
I am able to ask questions and get immediate feedback 
Forces you to do it and attend 
You get to interact with students and teachers in real time and learn from them in the closest situation to a classroom environment
I find it easier to take in information when someone explains the concept to me. I’m dyslexic so I find it hard to retain information which is just written flatly. 
Live classes are stressful to me mostly because there are conducted in Spanish in which I'm not fluent yet so it's difficult to keep up sometimes 
Can get responses asap
More engaging and active learning 
It is more interactive 
i feel like i would be able to actually ask my teacher questions and have a real conversation with them instead of just emailing as our school doesn’t allow zoom
You get to ask questions as you go through the content 
It’s more interactive and fun. I’m doing veterinary so it’s nice that during the practical time we can still watch people demonstrating the practicals live where we can instruct them what to do!
It fostered more discussion and interaction with my teachers and peers
I can work at my own pace and stop the video if i need to take notes. I can also rewatch certain parts if i need too
Flexibility but explanation and guidance at the same time.
Can re wind and rewatch
It would be nice to talk to my teachers and get feedback from them 
Relates back to a school environment and you can ask the teacher questions as they are explaining topics so that you don’t have to go through a whole recorded class with not understanding the material. 
Because you can always asked for extra help then and there and they can answer any questions if you don’t understand. Also it feels more social and you’re able to see others! 
It allows me to manage my own time 
Can be done in your own time, can be done if WiFi isn’t good enough for zoom
Because I can pause the Video and look things up, replay a part or play it quiker depening on my understanding of the material. 
The ability to bounce ideas off one another
It is the most interactive method.
Live classes
Interactions with the teachers, asking questions
Because one can interact with the professors.
Forces me to actively participate!
You’re able to ask questions as its happening and its more like a ‘normal lesson’
I actually like when the lecturer gives a live class and records it. I like the recording because it's great to watch back and pause the professor. When they record the live classes you also get to listen back to questions people asked and responses they gave which can be hard to follow in the online way initially. 
I prefer a recorded video format where I can turn it on and off as I wish and I decide the pacing of the learning process
I can ask questions in real time 
With a video I can learn at my own pace
the possibility of asking questions exists
Can do them any time
Because you can engage with the teacher
More interactive and opportunity to ask questions. Much more engaging also
Still receiving fully explained content
It’s almost like a real lecture (PowerPoint and lecturer talking) but can pause it so have as much time as needed to make notes 
You can return to it when you want and manage your time better.
I really like uploaded and emailed materials as it gives me the freedom to do my lessons whenever I want to do them in the week. Most of my content had been taught before the lockdown so we are mainly doing revision and as I revise independently anyway it seems logical to have emailed work and also do this independently. Although I do feel a bit lonely sometimes and miss class banter which isn’t the same when we learn on teams or on video call.
It allows for engagement, we have recorded lectures and then live seminars for discussion 
We can see each other face to face and it feels like we’re in a classroom
Being a visual learner, this helps me understand the content better. 
I am able to write notes alongside the video: pause it, rewind. Feel as though I learn more that way than sitting listening to the lecturer live. 
We get to have actual interactions with both our tutors and course mates. Whilst obviously not being able to receive our proper education, it’s the best next thing.
Because it is the most interactive one. It is very similar to being in class, except you are not there. :( It is easier to ask teacher questions and you also feel less pressure to be formal then let’s say writing an email. You can also “chat” or lets rather say u get more social interaction that way.
You can ask questions instantaneously and it is more "real" 
I went without live classes for most of quarantine and started to loose purpose and motivation which led to a lack of discipline. After doing a few debates online and listening to some explanation from professors I’ve realized again why I like my subject and that took my motivation back.
I learn better when engaging in discussion, but it takes me longer than the usual person to phrase my thoughts clearly so I prefer chats over live conferences
You can find your own rithm
I actually have a combination of live and recorded lectures and I prefer this combination because it really helps me that I can ask questions during the live lectures about the recorded ones
This was the only mode of teaching for my online courses and I felt it was the most interactive way to do online teaching. Zoom classes felt the closest to actual real life lectures. 
Recorded lectures allow me to go at my own pace - skim when I understand everything and pause/rewind when something is unclear. It doesn’t assign a specific time time to work, so I can study when I learn best (in the evening hours). 
I need to be able to interact with the lecturers and ask questions. I cannot learn by simply writing off a PowerPoint. 
You can ask your questions just the way you could in normal classes.
I can understand the material better when someone is talking rather when it's only written+ I can rewatch the lessons 
Interaction with teacher/other students
I like the freedom of choosing when I want to study. I love to be able to see all that i'm excpected to learn in my course at one glance-> I can plan my studies in advance
I like the fact that I can actively use my knowledge in a project/assingment of some kind, so I'm actually forced to stretch my brain, instead of just passively listening to a lecture or seminar. It's very easy to get distracted in the live classes. (There's only one option, but I also prefer recorded lectures to live ones because it's easier to take notes, I can take breaks, and no one ever asks questions in the live ones anyway). 
go through content at our own time and pace but still get teacher support 
Easier to understand (face to face), but I can still manage time easily 
Can watch at any time and can pause and rewind to really understand 
Usually the timings aren't good
You can ask questions and have a discussion 
It offers dynamic lessons and establishes a routine, which for me is beneficial during quarantine.
interactive
Ability to get feedback in real time
You can work at your own pace and pause the video if you want to make more notes.
Our university used a combination of live sessions (which I couldn't attend because I was ill), recorded lessons and uploaded/emailed resources. Recorded lectures have a simmilar feeling to live classes, as the professor is able to explain the material at far more depth than just through PowerPoints/word documents, but I could still ask questions via email/forum on brights pace. 
Closest thing to the actual class 
It allows you to revisit what was said by teachers as a means of revision 
You can ask questions live and have them answered live. It feels the most like a normal lesson.
I find information easier to understand when explained by someone
Because I can watch the lectures when I want
I can pause it and make more notes 
The most engaging, closest thing to active learning so I concentrate the most 
I can interact with the lecturer and other students. Allows for 2 way communication. These sessions should also be recorded for students who can't be at the live session.
I’m an aural learner and really rely on the non-verbal cues of a live session to be able to fully understand a concept. I also only remember things after I’ve discussed them and a recording completely takes that away
it allows me to interact with my teachers and fellow students in a much more structured way, and it imitates the classroom environment as well. i find this helps me with my confidence as well as my focus 
flexibility in schedule and due dates 
It’s easier and don’t have to talk to everyone virtually live. 
Because it’s the closest thing to the real class.
It allows me to be more flexible in my schedule as I don't have time table around online classes.
I can actually interact with the teacher and ask my questions face to face, and it is easily to understand when concepts are explained verbally.
Have only experienced this mode would however like to be given other modes
I can work through it at my own speed
Doing the work at your own pace. Learn what you need to know and not what you don’t. 
It gives me time to stop and absorb the content, I can go at my own pace read around a certain topic ect.None of the anxiety that comes with being live.
It is similar to teaching at school
Allows it to be done in own time
Visuals really help me learn and remember things
You can ask questions during the lecture, you don't have to wait hours or days for your professor's reply.
So I can pause it and take good notes
it encourages active thinking and participation 
I love the ability to still engage with the professor and other students 
Because it feels live and real. 
You can work at your own pace when you want to 
I can go at my own pace
Allows me to work at my own pace 
It keeps you motivated and allows for more interaction
I can ask questions while a teacher is teaching 
I can self-study best this way.
Would prefer a mixture of live classes and uploaded materials, but live classes mean more interaction and less ambiguity when it comes to work set.
You can connect with people fully and people are more willing to share and encourage one another. I suppose it is more like how classes would be at uni
It’s the most similar to the regular teaching.
Because I can rewatch the recordings as many times as I want.
I can pause and go back if I get distracted or don't understand something. If I have doubts at the end of the class I can contact my professors about it. 
More engaging, interesting, I’m less likely to put it off, feels more like I’m in an in-person lecture since it’s in real time
I can focus better on the material
I feel like there are many interruptions when it comes to live classes, and recorded lectures aren’t interacting,  whereas Discussion forums are, and I personally prefer them.
Because you are able to ask the teacher questions about the lecture inmediately and other students maybe have the same question, and also you can ask the teacher to repeat it in other way that with uploading notes you can't or it's more difficult via email
We are given sufficient instruction and are able to work through our assignments at our own pace.
Besides being more motivating than the rest os the methods a live class ends up being very similar to presential ones and it's helpful listening to the class doubts and discussion
It is the most interactive and so easiest for me to focus over the whole of the lesson. Anything prerecorded or without actual speech from teachers and pupils means I lose concentration very quickly and I struggle to teach myself the material. 
More interactive 
It feels normal-ish, more fun, interactive. 
We can really contribute and do as if we were actually in a kind of classroom 
Because we can ask questions and participate in discussions
Can ask questions and get an immediate response and clearer understanding than just reading material sent through email
by asking questions directly it helps a lot, hearing the voice actually speaking. however it is really hard to concentrate and stay in the zone
More engaging
Very similar to a school environment and makes me feel as if my day is still structure as calls have to take place at specific time.
Because you actually interact with your teacher 
You have to do your work at a certain time and cannot procrastinate it because it is live. 
Easy to access and can be done anywhere/anytime 
Because it gives us a space to work on problems in breakout groups which isn't always possible in a large lecture theatre
I prefer being a clear verbal explanation from s teacher but I do not enjoy live classes because of anxiety.
You can ask questions in real time and ask the teacher to go slower or faster etc. It's most similar to face to face learning.
Because I receive lecture materials. I make some preparation(read materials, research some moment in details). Then I watch the lecture where teacher may focus my attention at some key moments and also it’s way of learning information for long term.
Easier to understand and it feels more like being in a physical classroom
You can get answers to your questions in real time 
No awkward interaction in live classes and more in depth understanding then uploaded assignments materials 
I enjoy and deeply value the opportunity to talk with and learn from my peers and teacher in real time.
Can create my own schedule and pause/replay to fully understand concepts
Face to face teaching is a lot easier when trying to understand material as to be able to have someone explain Things verbally on the spot and clarify things that you don’t understand or are learning for the first time definitely helps 
Because I work best when I focus on one subject for a longer time and the online classes are spread over the days with gaps of half an hour and stuff which makes it harder to focus and get the work done.
as efficient and flexible as uploaded material is, I miss hearing people’s voices and interacting in discussions. 
Idk
Nothing replaces face to face learning!
You can watch them at anytime 
I don’t have to go through as much anxiety 
you can ask any quations about the material and they can help you directly to understand the topic
I found the absence of everyday contact terrible and during live classes I would sense a bit of normality. However, I did not mind the uploaded mmaterial,I achived more and I could manage my time better too.
More interactive so requires me to have done preparation and be ready to ask/answer questions. Also, able to here opinions of other students as well as lecturer.
Because it imposes a routine, something that can be super messy when studying online.
I can pause it and look into my textbook
Because I can re-listen the lecture
I get to speak to the teacher and hear my friends too
The obligation to attend 
Feels the most ‘involved’ and similar to face to face teaching 
Real time interaction with the prof. Being able to ask questions and getting an instant answer.
interaction is key for learning 
Interactive. Forces me to attend
My teachers cannot afford to record lectures or videos. Discussions forms aren't usually helpful, because students are primarily dormant, and emailed materials aren't either. India has a weird way of teaching it's students..its usually memorization and nothing else. So live interaction is better. Because the 1% of the class that actually pays attention could interact with the teacher.
I feel part of the classroom and able to discuss better with other students.
because it is the one that works. most of my teachers struggle with live classes/videos/etc
Have face to face contact with people
It feels more like normal university lectures 
More interactive 
Interaction, can ask questions. Feels most like a normal face to face lesson
never experienced the others
My course is really practical so we did a lot of theory, I’m a visual learner and this allowed me to go at my own pace 
My time management has been really bad, being able to check the content anytime would be really useful.
We get to interact with our teachers and ask questions when needed with an immediate response.
Most support 
Because it’s simple and when it’s done I can go do other things
I can do it at my own pace 
I prefer reading information 
it is more beneficial
Gives me time to complete the work and understand things at my own pace. 
Feeling of a real class without the pressure of it being live
Can do at own pace
I can do it in my own pace
More interactive
I some times struggle being able to get the recorded lectures up
because, especially since we are quite a small class, we can all ask questions if we don’t understand something and I find it to be a very straightforward method of teaching
Because I can apply what I learned
I can study on my own time 
More interaction and get to hear/see your friends and teachers
Best simulates in person teaching that I’m used to
More flexible and can do anywhere anytime 
I don’t have to waste my time on a live chat and can get on with my work ASAP
Live lessons are more motivating and force you to interact and engage with the task at hand. Whereas uploaded tasks with a due date is often put off until the last Minute and time is wasted
most interactive easy to ask questions 
Because it would be easier to ask a question or interact with the content.
Models synchronous classroom learning on a digital platform
I learn better when things are explained to me by someone speaking 
You are able to receive instant verbal feedback as well as ask questions. You are only given the amount of work that would take place in an hour, helps bring more structure to my day 
It’s more interactive 
It is real time interaction.
More interactive way of studying, engaging with content and teachers.
We can ask questions still
It's easier to ask questions and the teachers make it more clear. But I also like it with uploaded media because you don't forget anything, so maybe a mix would be great 
Able to discuss and ask questions straight away.
I can choose when I can watch it and can look at it again when studying for an exam 
I can rewatch anything I don’t understand and can watch at my own speed. 
I can stop the video and revisit the topic whenever I feel the need to.
Cause I think it’s the mode that looks the most like the normal courses in high school 
I’m a visual learner and the small number of recorded lessons I have had to watch are mainly auditory.
I can work through it in my own time. It is way less pressurised. 
View on preferred time, ability to stop and go back when something is unclear
Because it feels like the teacher is teaching you but it’s actually more flexible for us students, as we can watch the video anytime 
You can play them at any speed and look back at them for further use 
I can check my understanding to make sure I’ve grasped the concepts I made notes on.
Recorded lectures
Better interaction
Interactivity, motivation
Can ask questions with immediate response and input from other students 
Because you do not have any difficulties regarding time zones or when one’s internet is slow. You can break up recorded lectures and fit them a lot better into your daily routine.
More interactive and feels more like normality 
Because yo get to be an active member of the class. You can ask things and get answers back at the moment and I think it’s a more interactive way
I can work at my own pace and time and it forces me to really engage with the subject 
It is much easier to have something explained to you and you feel so much more connected to your teachers and class mates
Interactive, more engaging 
I feel like i can ask more questions and gain more understanding with a lot more examples
It feels like live teaching, but without the awkward tension of zoom meetings. I also really like being able to keep the videos and a resource and start and stop the video as I need to make the best notes possible.
it allows me to work at my own pace and build my own personal timetable, rather than my day being restricted to whatever times my online lectures might be 
Can watch the videos back as many times as needed
Easiest 
Because you are intact with your teachers and classmates 
I have ‘phone anxiety’ so online participation is nerve racking 
I can pause and look back 
Recorded videos and recordings for sure 
Because it makes studying an interactive experience and emulates a normal ‘seminar’ 
allows for a mix of lecture and interaction
It is more personal and it is the closest to being with the teacher in class! Also better way of learning and easier communication if needed
Interaction with the lecturer and verbal explanations on topics. Motivation to get up in time for the lecture. 
I can do the work when I want to do it. 
We could take notes from PowerPoints while hearing the teacher give the lecture at our own pace (and could go back, contrarily to live classes) and email the teacher if we had any questions. It was simple and not time-specific, meaning that I could work a full-time job at the same time and not miss any classes 
Interactive
I think it is the most productive way to use the allocated to time for teaching because as students we can actually discuss the work with our teachers and fellow students
Permits active and involved learning from both written sources and classmates/teachers, alongside the emotional benefits of spending time (albeit online) with others. 
I can do things in my own time 
Recorded discussion
It’s a great way to be able to ask any questions about work set and any confusion that you may have. It can sometimes be difficult to understand what a teacher is trying to say simply through messaging so speaking on a zoom call for example enables further clarity. It also creates a better learning environment and a sense of community in a time which can be very isolating. Seeing the faces of school friends and recreating a classroom atmosphere as much as possible is beneficial for maintaining a positive learning environment in comparison to one which is lonely, where work could start to feel overwhelming. 
It is more practical since I can take my time when taking notes and understand the material with my own pace of understanding.
Interactive and ability to ask questions and receive an answer as you go 
As i am able to work at my own pace and not have to worry about having to be at a class by a certain time and only have due dates to keep on top of.
Because i like kinda teaching myself all this stuff
it’s similar to that of a traditional lecture 
More flexible - choice of what day you do it; how much time you spend on it
As it is easier to get help due to the live nature of the classes. You can easily be talked through things as well as working independently by using uploaded materials! 
i understand more
This way I can talk to my teachers and ask questions
Able to engage easily with teachers 
It is the closest to sitting in the actual class.
Because it helps me understand the content better and I can ask my teacher for help when I don‘t understand something, rather than having to learn the content by myself
most similar to teaching in classrooms but no time requirements unlike zoom etc
It's the most similar to actual school, trying to teach yourself a level further maths and physics is really hard
It allows me to ask straight away and get real feedback
Interactive 
They work better because the internet connection can be too unstable for calls but it's better than reading
I am able to focus more and there is no temptation to just switch it off and become unfocused because you’re having to be actively involved 
It most closely resembles in-person seminars, as can actually talk through my ideas. The chat room seminars take so long for the tutor to reply and I find them exhausting and unproductive.
Feels more like a real lesson
Because during live lessons you can directly communicate with the teacher
Live class
It’s more similar to actual in person lectures and is more engaging 
More support available 
I can schedule my time around it and am able to pause the videos to take notes, makes sure I don’t miss important details.
so i can interact with teachers and students 
I am an auditory learner
I can rewatch difficult concepts multiple times
greater ability to understand lecture information 
Structure your own day. Also can pause videos vs live where if your internet cuts etc you miss lessons 
we get to interact with teachers and friends, and its more motivating than sitting completely alone 
Interactive and sociable 
Helps students engage more in what their learning
 Efficient 
It's possible to ask questions
More helpful and efficient 
I'm more likely to attend these than to listen to prerecorded materials. More interactive, really not that different from actual lectures 
Actual face to face learning 
Because you can ask your teacher in the moment when you have a Problem and not have to wait until he/she respond to your mail
I find live teaching much more interactive and engaging. I also find it more pressured (in a good way) than pre-recorded lectures so I am more focused 
I can still achieve some level of good communication with tutors over video call
Because it's the closest thing to being there in person - you can see people's facial expressions and hear their voices instead of just looking at words on a screen. That makes a really big difference for me because I (and probably everyone else) thrive better in my education when I feel connected to other people. I also feel like this is the most activating and engaging mode, because I feel more obligated to participate than if the class is just being taught through e.g. Google docs, because I feel more accountable 
For me, live classes are a lot more engaging a can be more interactive than recorded materials. It makes me feel more motivated and encourages me to take part and keep up with my studies.
Easier to communicate, can ask lecturers questions at any moment, informative
Able to ask questions/seek support 
It gives me an opportunity to take in the information at a time that works for me, and gives me time to think over the information as I read or see it. I can also look back on videos if there are points I've missed.
It seems more like an actual lesson with your teacher, so it increases my motivation
Anxiety disorder
More interactive, forces me to be more disciplined
Contribute and have direct feedback
It's easier to ask questions and content of the lessons are better explained.
Because it always you to engage with your instructor, ask questions whenever you want and it sets off a routine, just like any other normal day. 
You can do it whenever you want - you can pause it and rewatch it 
It has more freedom in terms of my day.  It’s frustrating to lose so much if you miss a day of class.  I didn’t have many zoom etc classes, but it was very annoying when I had to.  I couldn’t pay attention or retain much information.
The content being taught is easier to retain, as it is a much more interactively engaging tool than recorded lectures, etc.
Makes you actually do the work 
Because you can still interact with your professors and fellow students
more interactive and most like normality 
That would be much easier for the international students(myself being one) cause of the time difference and most importantly the internet acess is very poor at times.
interaction, accountability, able to ask questions 
I can work more efficently
Interaction, instant feedback and answers to questions
being able to digest the material presented at my own pace
Direct communication with teachers and students. Feels the most like class.
Because the live lessons don't work properly and emails have no guidance and stresses me out 
Keeps me accountable to attend class and participate 
They help provide a useful summary and overview of the topic that is being covered and I find it a good springboard for my own thoughts. Online classes are also good, although the size of my classes might inhibit overall participation and make them less effective.
More personal 
When it's live, it forces me to be up and focused at a certain time: it provides structure
You can ask questions and be asked questions, feels far more interactive 
time can be managed more easily
Get to ask questions, get immediate response, feels like you are attending a real class
I don’t have to get up for a specific time, I can learn whenever and rewatch 
Can ask questions and instant answers from teachers, mimicked a classroom setting where the teacher is speaking and students can interact with the teacher and each other.
Can be accessed at any time so allows for flexibility (I am currently a key worker so with working more shifts alongside working to complete my degree, flexibility is essential). Also recorded lectures allow for more detail which isnt always given through PowerPoint slides. 
Most interactive, love seeing and talking to my friends and teachers
I prefer to work through the material at my own pace with some music or snacks
It is more like school
Can watch at my own pace when I want
You can pause the lecture to take notes/do your own research while still taking part in the class
Easier for time management
Active learning/ participation 
You have to site There at a specific time
Easy to follow
I can re-watch as many times as I need
As a deaf student, I find it hard to have live sessions or recorded lectures without any subtitles or transcript. There fore I prefer uploaded materials as there is not speech or audio required
Can do when I want 
With live classes there is more possibility for interaction between the student and the teacher, and it makes it easier to ask / explain questions. 
Because it allows asking questions as well as being forced to fit it in your schedule, so you actually attend
It allows me to interact more with the teacher and stay focused.
It allows for a much more ‘classroom-like’ experience and it makes it much easier to ask questions and understand material
More human and real and makes it feel like how it did in college
Feel like I understand the content better and it feels like a normal lesson sort of
Gets me out of bed.. more motivating to hear teachers voices rather than my own
A lot more engaging
Flexible to fit into my own schedule and more familiar learning
I get a better understanding of the content

greater involvement and discussion
Zoom gives the most in-class experience compared to recorded videos and emails 
I don't really have an opinion.
We can interact with the teachers and they know our pace
I can stop pause and go at my own speed 
It is more engaging, emailed materials are not active enough for me 
Easy to follow and includes all info
Freedom to ask questions at the time with the teacher able to discuss in detail 
I find it is the most interesting and I get the most information out of the time
I have found it the only method that truly lets me learn at my own pace - be that faster or slower than the others.
You are able to ask other peers questions and discuss the topic that’s being taught 
I can take my own time and pause or skip if I want to. 
Can do it whenever I want 
You can pause them and take notes and go back and rewatch them to understand the content better.
Can easily rewatch content
I can do it when I prefer and replay the parts that I want. Basically, freedom.
most similar to normal
Because it’s the most similar to being in the actual lesson, the teacher can explain things etc
Can go on my own pace 
I like to manage my time on my own. Sometimes I feel like I'm losing time during the compulsory online lesson #useless (some of them)
Live classes give me the chance to interact with other sutdents.
It allows me to work independently, I have all the material I need to complete the tasks and I can go back to revise it at any time
It’s more like being in a real classroom
The closest option to real life classes
All the relevant information was provided and audio made it feel like the actual lectures as much as it could 
It's easier to understand and we can watch/listen to the material several times.
I can ask questions directly to my professors as we go over the material
It’s a lot easier to understand certain topics which are new subjects in learning
still like lectures but easier to interact
I haven't experienced anything different yet 
i can fast forward / watch it at my own pace and have more flexibility in planning out my day
In the current situación internet is not working so well, so a recorded class is easy to understand, and you can ask later to the professor 
I like the Social aspect of sitting in a class and discussing materials
Easier and simpler 
I may follow the lecture whenever I want to
It is more interactive 
I think it would be better and easier to communicate and discuss 
Auditory learner 
More interactive 
It's better to have the possibility to engage with the teachers and everything is clearer
It is the closest alternative to my regular class hours (e.g. seminars). I feel more engaged and I have a set timetable to keep to.
Possibility of direct interaction 
Easy to ask questions
Better engagement & more accountability/motivation
Ability to replay certain parts (I study maths so this is especially useful for proofs)
Lockdown only affected the last two months of my course so I knew what i was working on and only needed some additional information to carry on working on this. If we had a lot of content left to cover then I would of needed live teaching like zoom calls but my course is mainly assignment based so easy to get on with quite independently.
You can receive first hand feedback and it’s more interactive, which I find easier to learn in environments like that 
Can interact with the lecturer
Easy to access and includes all the information for that class
I can prioritise certain subjects and do the work when I feel is best as opposed to being restricted by a timetable.
Teacher-student interaction is absolutely essential and helps guide students towards a more efficient and profitable study method
Because the teacher is able to explain the content and we can ask question directly. 
Better interaction

Some teachers give clearer instructions that are more thorough. 
To work on my own pace and it’s easier 
You can ask questions, discuss as a class and it just feels a bit more normal so stops me from going crazy just doing work by myself all day. 
You can ask questions and you have a routine every day 
Can easily ask questions if you don’t understand something 
Because you can plan yourself when you want to follow the classes. But we also have workgroups in which we discuss the material more thorough! 
More beneficial 
Much more interaction than recorded lectures 
I heard that students have more connection out of it
For my subjects, I just require somewhere to check in with my teachers about my progress, not for actual teaching. 
I like completing the materials at my own speed and I find live classes very stressful.
Because I feel like you cab interact more and also are able to get more help.
I am still able to have that engagement of discussion with my peers and learn together as I would at school, rather than independent work that I was set through emailed resources. The latter did not motivate me to work and I found it more difficult to understand, working independently.
More interactive and can apply knowledge
I find it easier to interact with the content when I can see the lecturer
It’s independent and I can work through it when and how I do best 
I'm not really good at working with videos/live chat because I get tired fast and my eyes hurt. I'm better in working with material on paper.
Live teaching allows you to get into a routine 
I think that this makes the classes the most interactive and provides live feedback
It’s more interactive and you can ask questions in real time
Can access in your own time but option to contact your professor is still possible
Engagement in class, accountability, ability to ask questions in real time
You can take your learning at your own pace
Anxiety over google meets! Most efficient way to get work done
Can easily pause/skip through/speed up/slow down to tailor to my own note taking
Its the closest to what lessons are like in real life
I like things being explained to me without the pressure of having to answer live 
I find that I can concentrate on a zoom call and that I work much better doing classes in my own time without the pressure of being on a call
Allows for flexibility within your schedule/time. And it is still engaging compared to uploaded material
Our teaching consisted of posting on forums and then discussing further on the live chats and this was a really good way of properly discussing ideas we’d had and problems we’d dealt with, with other members of the class that wasn’t in our forum and the lecturer themselves. It’s a much more organic way of learning and very similar to the seminar structures we had pre-covid, just online.
I miss a lot of material during live lectures, so having the opportunity to go through the slides and recorded audio for each slide allows me to learn in my own time. 
Much more interactive and similar to what we're used to in class!
Free to do in our own time yet still contains all content live lectures do 
I need to be taught the content in order to absorb it, sometimes the teacher also teaches us extra things
Can work through them at your own pace
It allows me to have direct contact with the professor 
More engaging, allows you to still participate and connect with people
I can do it in my own time, at my own pace, without worrying about being picked on to answer questions 
My teachers don't use the other modes so I don't know what they are like 
I can go back and re-visit info I could have missed first time 
Interactive, more like a real lecturer
Easy for music lessons as they are very practical.
I learn better when I listen to the lectures from the professors. 
I don’t enjoy self study , so having a teacher explain certain topics really helps me in understanding the work better . 
Ability to pause, make own notes and have freedom to work when I’m in the right mood rather than force myself into a zoom call at a particular time and absorb literally no info 
You can do the work at your own pace, but the option is there to request help if you need it. 
I find it difficult to be productive at specific time’s when learning from home, so I believe that recorded lectures allow you to work when the individual is at their most productive and subsequently produce the best work they can. This also helps to reduce to pressure and stress put on students especially at this time. 
It’s a lot easier to understand when the teacher is talking and you can see them 
I like to be able to feel like I’m in a classroom even if I’m at home. I’m more likely to ask questions when on a live meet than when an assignment is just sent to us without conversation about it. 
Because i can do it whenever i want and after three online video classes I'm very tired , my head hurts and my vision gets worse
Because I can organise my schedule and go back to any class if needed 
The recorded lectures were never uploaded at the time of the lecture so my schedule disappeared straight away which made it hard to do the work. Zoom lectures would be at a certain time and more interactive 
Allows you to get more detailed information about the concept and makes you feel as if you are still at school. 
Can see everyone
Because it makes us have more one-on-one contact with teachers.
I personally engage really well with research tasks and I learn most when doing them. Live conferences can be useful but also intimidating 
most interactive
Explained better so i can understand content more
Interacting with students/professors 
Feel more confident/ comfortable asking questions 
Because it enables me to see what the others are thinking about the topic, and because I get to interact with my classmates while being at ease.
Its easy to use
Can communicate as close to face to face as possible 
Interactive teaching provides all the important social parts of education that recorder lectures can’t. 
More detailed than uploaded work and feels more realistic but can also do it whenever I want to
Easier to follow 
It allows us to understand the content much better
My internet is not good enough for a live class to be done properly. Moreover, my online classes are with the camera off and mic of and questions are asked in the chat. Hence, it is very impersonal and not worth it. Uploaded materials are not good enough for me to actually understand (if ai could learn this way, I would just google instead of paying tuition). Thus, maybe recorded lectures are not great but at least I can re-watch them and teachers usually explain themselves better if speaking (instead of writing). 
Because it makes me assist when I am supposed to. I think it would be harder to do recorded classes since I’ve never been under this mode.
Teams
I feel it is the most interactive method and makes it easy to raise questions if necessary 
Because I can pause, take notes and take my time to understand fully what has been sayd instead of rushing and not focusing. 
Easy to keep up with and can be done at your own speed
It allows for better explanation but you can also work at your own pace ( I struggle to sit for long periods due to chronic pain)
You’re free to access it when you actually want to work rather than sitting in front of your computer half asleep at a 7:30 lecture
I’m more likely to be fully present and engaged in the class if I am directly looking at my teacher.
I really feel I need the interaction- the face to face and proper communication makes study feel so much more normal and controlled and the content just goes in!
I can work on my own terms and won't get bored
Lecturers can go into detail and explain their lecture slides which can be paused and gone back over again and again 
Closest to real life 
Recorded lectures 
Because it feels the most like normal school and I engage and concentrate more in them 
Can pause at any time, watch them at any time, speed them up/slow them down
You can ask questions directly and get a quick response
More interactive and forces everyone to do it at the exact time 
There are less interruptions and I can watch the recordings at any time in any position. It’s more comfortable. 
Because you can go at your own pace through the material
Because if I have a question during class I can get an answer quickly from my teacher instead of waiting for a response to an email. 
Able to ask questions 
It’s much more interactive and it forces me to attend the class, otherwise I wouldn’t have worked as much
Because i can go back and rewatch them and so get more out of it
Face to face teaching is so important, and I believe it was the English Poet Coleridge who once said “teaching is better discussed”.
You can participate as you choose and receive feedback/explanations easily
I don’t feel comfortable with live calls but would like to be taught physically 
I don’t have to study at a particular time which makes my day more flexible. 
The most similar to how it has always been 
More interactive
It is the easiest way to interact with and learn from other students input. Discussion forum and chats are great as well, but talking is easier and faster.
You can complete activities in your own time
I am a language student and it's easier for us to practice and debate in class. 
i can take my time to understand the materials
Feels face to face / direct 
I get to do everything on my own, that means that I'm done a lot quicker. I also don't have to listen to anything that I already know, so I work way more efficiently 
It’s more dynamic
Online classes gave some structure to the day, also added a social aspect. Whereas being send in endless amount of practice questions to complete felt useless, we can find our own practice questions 
It gives me time to stop and think about what i’m learning. I can spend as much or as little time i want on a subject
It's more engaging and motivational
You can ask questions 
Because you can easily ask your teacher something
I can pause and rewind. I get all the information a professor would give in class.
More interactive
It is similar to being in the classroom with the fact that you are learning directly from your teacher, but it allows for flexibility within your personal schedule due to it being recorded. 
Live classes give me anxiety so I prefer already recorded material 
Handy enough. Also like posted material, can work through it in your own time.
Because it’s more interactive and makes me more accountable for my learning! We were given prerecorded lectures from the year before, so I wasn’t as focused on doing it as I should’ve been.
I can learn at my own time and at my own pace with the luxury if somebody explaining my work 
It is the closest you get to actually having a teacher there in a lesson
I find it's extremely different to study with a teacher's commentary and support, than without it. Lectures are non-negotiable and I'm glad we can continue the teacher-student engagement live. Studying by yourself and teaching yourself alone is way different, and it doesn't get the same results.
Can access it at any time and can come back to it
More interaction
Cause it gives me oppurtunity to schedule my day as I want.
Because it feels like a conversation rather than learning everything by myself 
Accessible at any time; can pause and rewind
Beacuse I actually listen to my professor and I can ask questions if I don't understand something. Also I hate recored lessons because I procrastinate on them and I don't listen to them regularly. 
I can take my time and pause the video if i need to. I like the live classes for human interactions though. 
It's easy to discuss more complex and unfamiliar topics and get answers from the instructor right away if you don't understand something. 
More interactive
More interactive and it’s live with the lecturer instead of it being prerecorded 
You can still interact with your class mates and teachers, a more active form of learning.
Because it allows me to access the information at a time that works for me since at home i have more responsibilities which have changed my work schedule
Resembles in-person teaching the most and can ask questions at the time 
Because you can ask questions in real time and actually have a discussion with the other people in your class

You can engage with the teacher more and it feels more like being in a real supervision 
It gives me structure and interaction (I live on my own and need to get myself productive and social) 
You are able to engage with other people instead of just staring into a screen
I can manage my time better
Because the teacher can discuss the complete topic and we can watch later on our own time. From what we have learnt from the video we can ask questions 
You can do it in your own time 
I like to have as much direct contact with my teachers and classmates as possible
Back and fore Q&A.....
It feels like I’m still in a class room and I can still pause the video if I missed something or a key aspect which is very important for my note taking I. Also, I can re watch it anytime which is also amazing 
Because it is the one which most resembles a real class
I can work at my own pace without waiting for others to catch up.
As it is as if i’m back at School.
Can be able to interact 
More space for interaction and understanding of the subject 
It’s almost the same as live lectures but you can pause the video whenever you want.
This way, we can ask questions DURING the class instead of emailing the professor for example
My school have not set any work at all so it has all been independent learning. I want them to give me actual lessons. 
It is easier to take in the information and ask for clarification.
More room for discussion and easier method of being able to ask questions and discuss topics and assignments rather than having to work through work and just email a teacher with any questions. 
I found the Zoom meetings very distracting as my attention span has significantly declined
You have the possibility to ask questions about the subject 
Because you can do the work in your own time and spend as long as you want on it! 
It’s the easiest to ask questions in and the closest to real classes. 
Easier to pause  and go back
Because it's the same for everyone- even if you don't have a good computer or bad connection you get the whole experience, and you can watch it all over again, stop the video...
That is the most similar to real-life in-person classes, plus it makes me feel less isolated
Easier to watch on your own time 
Because its way easier to plan you assigments and work be more focused on what you are doing
more interactive, keeps me disciplined
More interactive, able to ask questions
Because it's less bad than the others.
Zoom classes make it easier to pay attention and have a regular class schedule. 
It allows us to interact with the teacher whilst we are learning, so we don't have to wait for an email reply.
It’s easy to understand 
The interaction 
So much more engaging!
You can go through it at your own pace and whatever time suits you.
In depth explanation of the topic
It’s much more interactive 
You can find anything online. So if I search 'explanation video math chapter 15' I can find it. So I don t need a teacher nor online classes. To be honest I have everything in my reach. The material are already uploaded. We never had discussions moments in class. The online classes are useless because we already working on the materials by ourself.
You can ask questions to your teacher and have them answered right away.
It gives you the chance to interact with your lecturers and classmates the most. It has potential to be close to face-to-face lectures and provides a space to ask questions and get feedback instantaneously
Helps me manage my time better and I don’t have to worry about waking up early and missing Microsoft Teams calls. 
Interaction is possible 
Spend more time learning the material 
It is the closest to an actual seminar/tutorial/lecture 
It feels more as if it is in person, it doesn’t just feel like homework, it feels like class
I tend to participate more and follow them at the set time
The work is often more explained, and I feel like the "lesson" can then go more at my own pace
I am able to do the work when I feel like it and take as long as I want
Easier to interact with the Teacher, helps me feel more comfortable and less stressed out 
motivates me to go and do it 
Able to have it explained whilst able to pause.
Better for interaction
It’s more interactive. We used a booklet and youtube videos (not hers, ones from tutor for you) and now my teacher has created loom videos and they are so much better and thorough
I can study it at my speed and repeat certain parts 
I like how the timetabled nature creates separation between work and school life, and live interaction with teachers is always helpful
I feel like it's more engaging when we're actually all together at the same time, doing Kahoots and answering questions, for example. It's more structured in a way because you have an already established routine, compared to if the lessons were recorded (which would be suitable for a more independent learner).
Most interactive and I like seeing people’s faces and hearing voices - feels more human
So you can ask your teachers questions and move forward with your work (and not get behind).
It means i have to attent and it prevents me from falling behind
You can ask question while getting the information rather than have to mail the professor. I also find that prerecorded lessons take longer and I find it hard to process them.
You can asks questions and it’s more realistic to the real classroom setting 
Otherwise i just zone out and get distracted 
There is an interaction between students and professor
It offers the same level of interaction I would obtain at school as well as allows me to receive better explanations of content 
flexibilty, ability to rewatch the lesson several times
It’s easier to concentrate than live classes and I can do it on my own schedule. It doesn’t require a good internet connection. 
The teachers can verbalise the content allowing it to be clearer and more understandable also I’m able to ask questions easier.
I can watch/listen to it whenever I want, not when the actual conference call is sceduled and it is not as formal and detached as uploaded or emailed materials. 
Interaction with the lecturers
It’s more interactive 
Not as awkward as a live chat but still has a level of personality, as well as making pay attention to the content 
Can be completed in your own time and easy to keep up with
i can pause the lectures and learn at my own pace 
More efficient. 
I can do it when best suits me and can easily drop in and out of doing it
Having someone explain the content to you in a Zoom class, instead of having to figure it out on your own. 
Because I can watch the classes in my own time and go back 10 seconds if I missed somethinv
It is the mode of teaching that resembles the most a normal lesson, though it has many drawbacks 
Because it is better than doing all by myself. 
Live
You can pause and go back to any points you missed or was not clear the first time
You have to be engaged in the discussion
Can ask questions in real time
Interaction with class mates 
At uni readings are obviously a lot, having to teach myself through PowerPoint screen cams or PowerPoints with audio feels uninspiring 
More interactive and engaging. Also more up to date info as we have been given last years recordings for most lectures 
Beacuse it allows me to take my time to follow the class thoroughly, without the pressure of missing out on crucial information 
You can ask questions in real time and get a response straight away
you can just get on with your work
Allows the class to have discussions and interact with the teacher as we normally would in a real classroom.
This gives me the opportunity to pause at any given moment, so I can calmly write down notes and find examples to add to my notes
It’s less awkward and lagged then video calls and I can still learn 
Closest to normal teaching
Get to engage with the lecture and ask question on the spot rather than having to email later 
More personal and has that aspect of face to face learning which would usually occur at school
Because it’s a lot more interactive and dynamic, and helps to have an overall better understanding of the topics.
Engaging 
Because i can ask questions easily without being interrupted in the chat rooms and i believe that i understand more from interacting with the teacher through the camera. 
Replicates the class environment that I’m used to.
It’s easier to ask questions 
Can have more of a discussion around the topic 
You can hear the teachers explain the content and can actively gain help if needed
You can ask questions easier, and it is better if you get stuck 
It’s easier to understand content when someone is explaining it to you
Interactive, can ask questions more easily
it iseasier and takes less time
Most similar to regular learning + communication 
because I can ask my teachers immediately and I'll get an answer immediately. and if I get my answer me is much more clear than if it would be recorded or something else and we do have a plan of materials but that is support of what we get through our online lessons but we do get assignments online it is they explain it through life lessons and most importantly it's like a media contact to me and my teachers and my teachers to me
Can ask questions and screenshot screenshares
because i have problems concentrating through a videocall because none of my friends take it seriously and distract me 
Ask questions easily
I can take my time to go through the material and understand it
More accountable, time managed 
I get to see the professor and chat in real time 
Having the live interaction kept me accountable  for attending class and allowed me to still see my classmates in a way.
It is my favorite mode, because you have your tasks and material but while the prof is going threw the PowerPoint you can ask directly as if it was a lecture like before Covid-19
More interactive and less reliant on others ie. less likely to have tech issues
More reason to concentrate 
No pressure or schedule 
You can pause the lecture,  rewind it etc until you understand it
can still engage in conversation but at your own time/pace
Interaction with professor and chance to ask qs realtime 
It’s the closest thing right know to have a connection with my teachers
Because I find it easier to process things at my own pace and pause etc when necessary
I find it more descriptive and online lessons haven’t been done well so far- too much distraction and not great communication yet.
easier to understand and can directly ask teachers questions 
Communication much better
It gives me time to learn it and if I need help I can email the teacher. 
I could pause/repeat lectures if I needed more time to understand a topic
You can pause or replay a part and you can choose which time of day suits you best for concentration. 
More interaction, it is most like normal classes
Because that way i’m Actually more committed to watch the lecture and not procrastinate .
More interaction, although I also like recorded lectures. Overall, seeing the professors and hearing them explain the content is a lot better for understanding than simply reading the material.
Allows you to take the lesson at your own pace, and in some cases, teachers have made short (maybe a minute or two long) videos about specific questions which was extremely useful.
Because I can engage in the class which keeps me motivated.
Closest to face to face contact and quick responses when discussing things
I can easily go back and review the material, plus it’s less stressful than live classes. 
Easier to view and operate
You can hear other people’s questions and collaborate
You get to do things in your own time without being filmed for everyone to see
They can explain things better when speaking rather than just words on a ppt
Required attendance makes me more engaged
Can complete at any time thars best convenient, and also is more clear than emailed material or a discussion on forum
You can interact with other students and your professor. And ask questions 
I am an independent learner and prefer to work through tasks on my own at my own speed rather than with/ watching another person, so being given work is my preferred mode.
The ability to ask questions or ask for clarification or more examples from your prof on the spot is something other forms of teaching just don’t give you! I also enjoy the sense of normalcy around having interactions with my classmates. 
I can read the material independently.
Classroom interactions, seeing classmates and friends 
Easier to do in your own time
Discussion forums and chats allow a bit more flexibility in time management than live classes but also let students engage more with classmates, teachers, and the curriculum.
You are seeing the professor rather than just listening to their voice and can ask questions 
Because it’s the most interactive.
Because I can engage most actively and ask questions immediately when they come to my mind. 
You can ask questions 
One is able to ask questions and go in depth about certain parts of the material 
It is generally easier to follow along with the concept when I can here someone explaining it to me, also the class time and lectures that we get do help later on with the assignments that we are required to do later on.
Because you can watch it again and again and also stop it wherever you want to take notes. 
More interaction, easier to ask questions
Because it is more engaging and allows you to interact more and ask questions live. 
It is more engaging for me and I can hear the teacher explaining the work like a regular lesson but without the pressure of having to answer live and in my own time
The best way to be able to ask questions and properly engage 
It’s still being taught to me verbally by my teachers but without the added pressure of having to look presentable in front of your teacher or the noise in the background disrupting the class or even just doing it in your own time rather than doing it at a specific time
It holds students accountable to due to attendance requirements for lectures 
It is easier to manage whilst at home then needing to be at your laptop at a specific time. 
Because it allows me to participate and feel like I’m actually in a class rather than just reading and doing work. 
I can schedule my day better. I can choose when I will watch my lectures. I’m not bound by time.
You’re held accountable for turning up to class, it is also more social & closer to a real class & questions can be answered in real time! I find it benefits me as a whole as it’s most social so really helps my metal wellbeing!
You can stop it whenever you need some more time to understand a certain subject and have the opportunity to look it up.
I feel like it’s the closest to regular classes. It’s also the easiest way to interact with teachers and classmates, ask questions etc.
More engaging if live 
It’s easier to communicate 
As it gives my days a somewhat schedule 
It forces me to have a precise timetable
I learn faster and more effective alone.
I don’t have to communicate directly/‘face to face’ with my teachers. I can do the work whenever I like during the day - flexible working hours 
most similar to classroom but no need to get ready 
Face to face learning 
I think live classes have a better level of engagement than the other options, though ideally I think they should be recorded and uploaded for later reference. I think if the classes aren’t live then it is difficult to be self-disciplined and pace work which leads to rapid accumulation of stress towards the end when assessments approach. I also think live classes feel most worthwhile, as when work is entirely pre-recorded or just uploaded online then psychologically it is a major challenge to work through and you feel alone in your efforts, whereas with live classes you feel more in contact with classmates/professors.
Recorded lectures are super static and completely disregards interactivity. Also if you have a question on a specific point you’d have to email your lecturer who never answers. It’s just generally problematic 
It’s more interactive so I get more out of it
I find it quite hard to pay attention to (live)recorded lectures. If it's a video I am able to watch it in several parts if necessary.
Because you can re watch the course. 
Interactive and can still respond in real time
I like to ask questions to make sure I understand everything, i.e. it's more interactive.
More motivation and easier to get help
I feel like I can get the most out this mode. 
I prefer the interaction and the possibility for discussion and questions in live classes
because of internet connection,live lectures couldn't be as affective as it could be, recorded lectures or just voice recordings over lecture notes would be perfect
More structure
Live interaction, ability to ask questions & further discuss certain topics or issues
Live lessons are the most similar to lessons in the classroom and you are able to interact with the teacher and classmates at any point in the lesson. It is also easier to work and it is more effective when there is an external motivator that is present, like a teacher.
Can do it in your own time at your own pace
Because we can actually be taught by a teacher as if we were in class instead of self teaching.
You could ask the teacher straight away if I didn't understand something
It allows you to ask questions and it's easier to see if you understand the material 
Human contact & more in depth explanations
Forces you to focus, can make clarifications about material in real time, and it gives some amount of forced human interaction
It feels more social, is more engaging and helps motivate me to do the work 
Breakout rooms / getting to work with other students on problems 
Feels more like a lecture if it is live and also then makes me feel more like we are getting what we paid for in terms of teaching time 
Easier  and more informative 
You are able to pause and do it at Your own pace
More interactive, allowing me to stay focused. 
Because it allows me more to go at my own pace and gives me more freedom when it comes to organizing my days
Videos can be paused and replayed when studying. I can also listen to them again while reviewing my notes
It actually forces participation and is the most similar to a normal class environment!
As they’re more interactive you don’t get as distracted!! 
I am obligated to go to class, in that way I don’t procrastinate! Now that I didn’t have live classes I am way behind with everything because it takes me a lot longer to understand the material.
Because I can pause and resume the lectures if I need to, if I don't understand something i can google it or look it up in my notes. Also I get to decide how to process the already recorded material, and I don't have to follow a schedule if its not working for me.
Straight forward 
It is wonderful to be able to rewind and/or pause the lecture/classes, because it gives you the time to understand everything and even revisit it later again
Makes lessons understandable 
It is the most interactive of all
I am more of an active learner
Because i get to ask anything to my instructor during the class if i'm struggling with something
It's often more concise and i can rewatch the videos if i need to review a certain topic also my professors tend to rumble a lot which sometimes makes watching their online classes difficult especially if u tend to get distracted very easily which is my case having adhd.
I find it intimidating to not have the support of my peers when answering, as I feel as though it’s more embarrassing if I get an answer wrong 
More flexibility
Because it is almost like lessons at school, you see the teacher, he or she has a powerpoint and you can ask questions
There is engagement so you’d be able to take stuff in and learn something and ask any question you might have 
I prefer to learn in my own time and I can email/use a forum to ask about any questions I have about the material 
Because it’s easy to access at any time, and find the information I need at my own pace.
Because I can better manage my study 
I feel more comfortable emailing tutors rather than video calling
It allows a greater understanding due to being able to ask questions 
Zoom or Microsoft Teams (this are the ones there i use more frequently) are tools that make possible the direct or live contact with the teacher and facilitate the engagement with another students. 
More efficient
Feel like it would be more engaging and motivating. 
Because I can interact with my professors, ask questions, express my opinions, etc.. Moreover, as a language student having an exchange with the teacher is essential 
More interactive and engaging 
I feel like when I see the person its easier to understand what they are trying to explain
It allows me to have the human contact that has been taken away from us in the last few months. It makes me feel near to people that I haven't seen in weeks. 
Because I can ask the instructor questions there and then
The online classes and seminars are too mentally exhausting for me, with social anxiety
I can spread out learning to fit my schedule around family needs, mental health, etc. There are less technology issues than with live lectures, and I can skip, watch sped up, or reword as necessary. 
Not face to face but can still contact the teacher and classmates
I can watch at my own pace and at the time it suits me
Can watch in your own time. 
I think that the point of education is to discuss material, analyse it together, have a conversation and this way you learn better 
I learn best when there is some form of structure to it- courses being completely self directed and continued primarily through reading is proving challenging (especially when considering deteriorating mental health in lockdown and the need to self motivate at a vital point in my education in a time where really I just want to stay in bed and watch netflix!) 
Able to look back at the material in case you couldn't attend the lecture and better than a recording where you have to listen to 1hour lecture for that last 5min of information you were looking for
Something is happening live, so you are required to attend it at that time
I feel more Independent that way and can be more productive 
Can actually clear the doubts more effectively
More familiarity and you still get quality teaching!
can interact with the teacher directly
I can go back and rewind something I missed
Because you can actually talk to people in real time not just write emails. Best would be all of them combined e.g. live classed, which would be recorded. If I could get materials before live class where all students would have a discussion 
I can feel more like what it used to be. I enjoy discussing with my professor and classmates in real time 
Encourage participation and increases motivation to listen 
Because I can pause the video whenever I want and I can work on my own pace 
I can go at my own pace and for some reason I understand the material better
possibilty to choose when I want to do the work, can pause and write everything down instead of having to come back to it a second time
Easier to do work whenever you get rime and upload it before due date
Because you can work through it independently 
The uploaded material is too much. I would say it’s more work than I usually do. The teachers often take weeks to correct so the few online classes I have are a great method to stay connected and ask specific questions about the content. You feel less left alone with your school work.
actually can communicate properly with teachers
I imagine that you can learn better and feel more like being in school.
Because I have a fixed time schedule and can directly engage with the instructor and other students.
Because I can work at my own pace without feeling pressured to talk during meetings or having to keep on making sure that I didnt miss out anything my tutor has said during the discussions. 
Able to work through course content without having to constantly rewind to in order to understand the information.
Independence 
Because there still is some form of interaction and for some subjects it is easier to understand the context when the teacher is going through it live.

it allowes me to ask quastions when the profesor says something that i don't quite understand 
Before the coronavirus my lectures also consisted of mainly passive listening & writing notes since we are 700... I don’t like the live classes because then I’m obligated to watch the class on a certain hour.
As I can get live feedback and ask questions more easily, as well as class discussions which       help to garner more ideas and make more detailed notes. 
You can follow the lesson on your own speed.
Can access at my convenience
Interaction with teachers
I can go back to them when doing assignments
Interaction and on spot doubt redressal
Because I can understand better like if was in-person learning.
It's almost the only one used by my school
Much more digestible and engaging - it feels like I am participating in a more active learning
Easier to learn if it's visual and explained, and also can be rewatched
My uni professors didn’t make it as engaging as it could be on a live lecture with discussion 
This mode of teaching allows me to watch (and rewatch) lecture content at my own pace, whenever I want 
It ensures that everyone can access the content
Easier to choose when to watch
Can ask any questions at the relevant time and it’s just like a normal lesson just via webcam 
Replicated classroom environment to an extent and can be motivating  
Pre-Work alone and selftimed but discussion and taking the knowledge into action in a group with different perspectives
It is engaging and tries to emulate the classroom experience 
I can take more time, but still have a verbal explanation 
It makes it harder to procrastinate and it feels more like real uni
This includes both videos and useful research materials to help with understanding the new content and gives me flexibility in my time management
I get anxious with live calls but still find the interaction helpful
Being able to rewatch, pause, especially when the internet is slow
Because we can interact live with our professors. 
Easy to access and more flexibility with my schedule 
Interaction with other students and the professor and i am more motivated to “show up” to class because attendance is compulsory
We can ask questions directly and we don't have the choice to go to the classes (less resistance) 
Don’t like face to face online teaching and discussion board posts means more thought
goes into it/longer time to prepare.
You're able to have conversation in real time- it feels more true to normal human conncetion
I can study at my own pace and go back to check specific concepts 
I have more time to make good notes. I find zoom quite stressful to keep up with and mentally draining. 
There's the ability to ask questions in the chat on what the teacher is speaking about at that very moment, which makes it easier for him/her to answer and elaborate.
More engagement, more similar to actually being at uni.
You can get live interaction, know everyone is doing the lesson at the same time 
Spoken information less confusing and can be explained 
Direct interaction with lecturer 
At this level (MA) discussions aren’t Vital for the thinking process and it is where I get most new insights
I am not an audio learner 
Can pause/go back and write detailed notes and it always there so you don’t have to do it straight away 
It is difficult to understand scientific concepts through materials sent to us and messages only 
Less awkward and can attain more information 
Easier to ask questions if they come about and see other questions which students may have asked
Better to engage with and do in your own time 
Helps me stay up to date with my lectures and enables discussions.
You can complete the material in your own time. You can also rewatch recorded lectures, or go back over certain parts that you didn’t understand.  
Can more easily ask questions 
The work can still be completed independently and in your own time BUT means the teacher delivers the content in pretty much the same way they would have done pre-covid. Personally I would prefer it over live classes as it means you don’t have to sit through stuff you’re already confident on and can progress quicker. 
it motivates me to follow the lesson
Questions can be answered more quickly and effecient.
As I know for sure it will work, live lectures are so dependent on the lecture's internet connection and those have not always been good
you can do it whenever/wherever you need to and don’t have to worry about being on time so it’s much more flexible. Also there’s not the problems of video call judging of houses etc
More motivating and most like actual school. It means that I have some type of forced routine which forces me to work.
I can do everything at my own pace and I can arrange my day as I find more convenient. We also have live tutoring through google meet and it’s very helpful. 
Its the closest thing we have to actual face to face contact time with tutors right now so I feel it's the most effective method.
Keeps me productive so that I don't get distracted
Gets me motivated to do work
Because you can ask questions in real time and also hear your classmate questions and the professor answer.
More motivation
Can do this at my own preferred time and pace.
It’s interactive, you can ask questions and get them answered on the spot
Interactive 
It's the easiest way to understand the content as it's being explained to you and you get feedback quicker rather than be confused and only having emailed materials which don't teach enough in comparison to normal, meaning it could make students be behind.
Its interactive and you feel more motivated and less alone doing the work
Because it is easy to ask questions straightaway and it is more similar to in-person lectures. Therefore it is more familiar and easier to make notes as I'm  used to do.
It gives me a chance to look at the materials in my own time without having to come online for a class.
It helps to minimize wasted time
I thrive on personal interaction and it also forces me to devote a specific time to learnung
Emailed material often contains too little information which is difficult to understand on your own. With live classes we get an opportunity to ask more questions, express our opinions and begin a discussion 
It allows me to work through at my own pace 
Easy to do at your own speed, in your own time 
Easier to understand material, humanities subjects - discussion is essential!!
More engaging and you can be held accountable while on camera instead of getting distracted by the TV
So I can watch it faster and learn at the pace I like
Can work at own pace, good revision, Zoom calls with teachers can be stressful and hard to keep up with 
keeps you focused, keeps you accountable, replicates the classroom environment as much as possible 
You can ask your teacher questions directly, they respond by talking and it can be more precise 
Active engagement with others
Feels most like a normal class and can interact directly immediately with class mates and instructors.
Because it's like being in class but you can pause videos to take notes.
It is more personal and there it is more interactive
This would be my preferred mode of online teaching because it simulates the real teaching situation the best. You still are tied to a schedule and you can't replay parts of the lecture you missed because you weren't paying attention. I think this is a good thing, because with the recorded lectures I tend to replay every bit I missed, so the lectures take way more time and 'brain power'. Also with the recorded lectures it's harder to have a schedule, because the teachers do not upload consistently.
I can adapt the content to my desired speed, pausing is possible, but it is not only going through books, the professor is actually talking, which is quite nice.
Provides some structure 
It is easier to complete and organise 
It's easier rather than trying to have 150+ people into one class
Asking questions from professor is easier and the live classes feel the most same as normal contact studying would feel
Because I can pause the lecture any time and if I have any questions I can email my teachers.
Because I can learn better with this and it’s mir interactive 
Because you can interract with the teacher 
Sometimes when Internet is not working correctly, I miss something someone is saying in a live class. (My teachers don’t record their live classes 
Flexibility to learn material at own time 
It’s more interactive and gives me a chance to ask questions 
It allows me to pause/rewind lectures so I can take more comprehensive notes.
I can choose when to watch the lesson
Because I feel like I am actually being taught the content and can therefore engage in it rather than teaching myself with online materials 
Its more interactive, provides a set time do the work, keeps up social interaction, easier to learn
Videos allow me to pause at anytime I want. I can therefore be more conscious of what I'm taking notes of. If I don't understand something, I can replay the part as much as I want. Also, since it's recorded, I can always look back at it if I later realised that I've forgotten something.
I can do it in my own time but it is still slightly interactive 
you would be able to interact with your teacher 
I can interact with my teacher and classmates
As for me, materials are the most significant help that my teachers can provide to me as a student, because I have the Internet and I am able to find some lectures and videos by myself. 
Provides more structure and feels a lot more like school.
I’m able to work at my own pace 
I can schedule my time on my own and prepare myself individualy for my exams. 
You can ask the teacher questions as they are teaching the content
It becomes strenuous and hard to manage an online discussion with the organization of my school’s system. I find that when we try online discussion on a zoom call or forum as a class most people do not want to participate or do not have the incentive to contribute. Because of this I prefer independently structuring my lessons. My teachers give us an option to go to “office hours”, but they only make me more anxious. I tend to find I work better when I can just control myself and work at my own pace using given resources. 
So I can do university at time the suits me during this time
I think that this mode allows students the closest thing to in-person classes. Conversations can flow more naturally. 
I can manage my time how I want as long as I meet the deadline
As someone with social anxiety, recorded lectures I can get done on my own pace sounds a lot more appealing than having to be in a live call with a professor and other students.
More focused/active 
Easy to understand
I can ask questions to the teachers there and then 
Its the closest we can get to actual discussions in person
I enjoy the ability to rewind videos to take better notes or to rewatch a part I didn’t quite understand.
No commitment to a specific time and no chance of being called on unexpectedly 
Can access it whenever I want and was able to binge my lectures to get ahead giving me more revision time 
Because recordings can be paused, replayed, sped up, slowed down and you can skip irrelevant bits
It allows real-time engagement. 
it allows me to get on with the work in my own time while knowing that my teachers are online if i need help. 
Live classes aren’t as efficient as they typically would be in a classroom setting for a lot of teachers, so giving us the work and clear instructions works a lot better for me 
More interaction
Can do at your own pace and doesn't put you on the spot. Also doesn't require webcam/mic/reliable wifi like a live class would 
Contact with professors, asking questions immediately when they're coming to my mind
I can do this in my own time
It’s easier to communicate directly with the teacher
Because I have experienced only live classes and emailed materials thus I prefer live classes as the teaching material is actually being explained 
Keeps me attentive during lesson
I am able to learn at my own pace. 
I feel that it is the best use of time available 
it allows for learning to be active which is the whole point!! 
Less pressure to answer
Lecturer can give a bit more detail for their explanation rather than just the content on powerpoint slides 
Because I can pause it and write notes. 
My courses require conversation and discussion, which email or live chats don’t really allow for as well.
Google meets are a bit tiring 
It's more flexible
More engaging and similar to an in person lecture 
Because I feel like this is the best way to really learn something and look at it with different views
Pause and take notes while taking doing the lecture
Can pause and rewind when needed
I can learn at my own pace
You can skip forwards and backwards to go over parts you don’t understand. 
Because you have the freedom of time, yet you are still getting some form of face to face teqching
Because if I don't understand something I can go back and see listen to it again. In addition to this, I can listen/watch the videos whenever I want and I'm therefore able to manage my own time. 
Everything is always accessible
Makes me motivated to actually attend class rather than when things are recorded I don’t feel motivated on my own terms to do it
I‘m not studying alone 
Allows me to review information given at a later date
I prefer to work at my own pace and I get more work done 
It gives the possibility to study at your own speed.
It requires active engagement in the material.
Live classes with discussion
It’s the closest thing to an in-person class. 
I can access it at any time of the day and can choose how I structure my day as the Content is prerecorded. 
I can do the work in my own time but I still know the teachers will mark and interact with my work
Because I don't learn much by listening and I love my freedom and organization when it comes to studying. 
I am more of a visual learner so it helps to see the concepts being worked through. I also like being able to do it on my own time.
It gives the best opportunity for discussion about the subjects
Helps to interact/engage without pressure to join at live times (although live q&a’s are also good to know when we can get real time feedback without having to wait for email responses etc)
It’s easy. You can pause, relisten to it and make notes.
Because you can watch and pause at your own leisure, when distracted you can pause rather than miss material
Our live seminars aren’t recorded, but recorded lectures you can always re-watch if you want to go over something again or rewind if you didn’t understand. (Or pause when the lecturer talks too fast and you are making notes).
I work at my own pace
Easiest
More interactive
No pressure when using the software 
It attempts to mimic the interactions that we have with teachers in regular school as one is forced to concentrate in class because one might be asked questions. I find it is more effective than simply uploading assignments where one can be much more easily distracted. 
Do it on my own time
Easier for the teachers to explain complicated content and easier interaction 
You can ask questions, also group discussions really aid my understanding of concepts and tasks etc.
Because I can do these on my own time and it's easier for me to be motivated to do these tasks.
I've never done it, but I presume that it enables discussion and interaction that allows ideas to be discussed and explored, mimicking a classroom environment, more than my current emailed work,
It allows for more interactive class, rather than just watching a video
Because you can interact with your classmates and teachers 
Somewhat similar to face to face 
It’s interactive and you have to actively participate
You can interact wit the lecturer, this was the hours spent in lecture are much more valuable and time efficiënt, since at the same time your questions are answered. It is also more fun for the students and especially the lecturer, since they get feedback from the students they’re lecturing
Because you can interact with the teacher and the students at the moment (by asking questions, taking a topic and discuss it, etc).
You can go through the lesson more than once and at your own pace- move on when you are ready
Get to see my classmate and teachers faces 
Means I can rewatch the lecture 
Because we have interaction! And its not just meaningless lecture slides! lmao sorry I'm just salty about uni's response:')
More interactive and can get immediate feedback/answers to questions
More interactive 
Easier and can understand the work from other people’s point of view 
I can do it whenever I want and do it my own way 
More interaction with eachother because during the live lessons students would never say anything nor have their camera on and participate actively in class.
More interactive 
I study languages so I can practise speaking
Because it provides a way to keep a relationship between students and teachers. I also think it makes it easier to understand because it is possible to ask question and to share thoughts with the rest of the class.
interaction
More personal and you can ask questions right away.
It allows me to take breaks, go back and replay something if necessary. 
It allows me to do the work at my own pace and it means I can always refer back to it if I forget what i was supposed to do 
It gives you a chance to interact with you teachers and ask them questions easily
Because I can spend more time in reading every single topic.
Having specific times for classes helps with maintaining a routine/schedule. I also enjoy having the opportunity to ask question in real time is a plus.
Helps me not to feel so isolated from my classmates
I have to get up and be there at a certain time, I feel more engaged, easier to ask questions. Also is less tiring than watching recorded lessons since you aren’t starting at a 1 1/2 long video...
Because i can make my own schedule and also because i'll be able to return and watch the lecture again if i didn't understand something the first time.
I get nervous and prefer the independence 
In combination with Live Classes I believe it provides students with an opportunity to voice their opinions and also exchange ideas not only with professors but also with fellow students. 
Because it seems like I'm actually still in class talking to real people 
It kind of forces you to be present and pay attention for 1-2 hours, rather than getting an e-mail saying “read chapter 3”, and then never ending up reading at all
Clearer
You can ask questions right away when you don’t understand something 
I can do everything on my own time
Because if you have any problem you can ask the teacher directly and can move on to the next part of your lesson/exercise without waited a day or two.
More personal
Working at own pace is possible. 
I find it easier to learn and concentrate when hearing and seeing the lecture, but find it more relaxing when not live and able to work at my own pace 
Because it allows you to freely interact with your classmates and teachers, whilst providing that real-time teaching which resembles a normal classroom setting better. This makes students feel less isolated and more comfortable. 
You can plan your time more flexible but I think it’s best when there is a zoom lecture each week for questions. 
More interactive than the recorded ones.
it would be just like sitting in school and learning. And that’s I think the best way for my particular course because the lecture relies so much on the teacher explaining scenarios and strategies in context. 
Puts less pressure on having to do live work and can keep to your own timetable
It’s the mode that allows for the most interaction with the teacher and within students 
Allows you to understand stuff on your own. With video classes, I get easily distracted and struggle to concentrate on what’s happening, so I often miss important information 
Allows for more engagement as with recorded lectures you can't ask questions or you lose focus 
I can watch lectures back whenever it is convenient for me, and if I forget anything they’re good for revision and less tedious than looking through a forum or reading the material. (The live lectures I would normally have are for 250+ people so interaction was limited anyway, which is why I chose recorded lecture)
It’s possible to discuss with the techer and classmates
More interactive 
feels as normal as it can be.
Feels more like in person class, easier to take notes
Able to interact with lectures 
Chance to speak to tutor properly 
Due to my course being hands on practical. Easier during live classes
Because I needn’t to wait classes so I can watch it in any time 
More engaging, best replicate of face-to-face learning
No pressure, all in your own time.
It makes me feel more engaged with the teacher and discussions taking place
Id prefer constant feedback and support which you don't get with uploaded material but I don't want to be on video call with my whole class
It forces me to engage in a way that prerecorded lectures or lecture slides don’t 
Because it feels most similar to regular university days.
Still able to get a lecture as in the instructor actually teaching the topic 
More engaging but does not feel as pressurised.
idk
It is my preferred mode because I can interact and learn in a more constructive manner, down to the fact that I am physically speaking and engaging with my teachers and classmates. 
Because it is easier to interact, it makes the class more interactive and interesting. 
Questions are easy to ask and can be explained as if you are there in person.
You can also communicate with the whole class which can be useful for getting other opinions.
Because they are interactive.

I like interacting with teachers 
It is interactive but without the pressure of being live
More interaction & more similar to ‘normal’ in-person school/classroom environment
More intimate.  Gives more opportunity to ask tutor questions if something is not understood 
It makes me feel at least a little pressure that motivates me to do anything
Having lectures/seminars recorded allows for them to be more flexible timewise as sometimes it is difficult to be able to dedicate an hour during the day for a set lecture when working conditions at home won’t allow it 
greatest amount of information can be conveyed. 
I can work through the material at a more comfortable pace 
More people to actually do the work in live classes instead of optional work uploaded by teachers. It also gives the opportunity to ask the teacher any questions without having to wait for an email reply
i can pause and go back to understand the video 
Ability to directly ask questions, forcing me to do the work at a certain time
I feel more accountable for my learning when a lecture is live.
More accessible 
Because this way you can follow the lessons live and if you have any doubts you can immediately ask to the professor 
The lecturers can expand on notes written in their PowerPoints 
Easier to engage and closer to the in-person experience I am used to. 
More interaction and ability to explain things. Also my teachers don't email back quickly or provide me with support when I need it unlike just asking a question and getting an immediate reply on zoom etc
Engage with teachers, ensure you are understanding and obtaining information 
You know more what's important 
I can watch then at any time, and can watch then several times, so it helps when it’s revision time! 
more active, able to ask questions
Is most like actual teaching and it's also way more effective in learning the material than just reading slides etc. 
Actually interacting with the lecturer and can ask questions and discuss the topics rather than passively watching a lecture which is extremely difficult / complex without the opportunity for questions etc
Instant response from others, face to face learning so more focused 
Ask questions 
Because you’re interacting with the teachers and classmates, and so you can have better discussions.
It’s engaging but without needing continuous concentration
Able to finish the task given faster instead of having long zoom calls
Live feedback from lecturers 
Because I still get the feeling that I am engaged with my study
It depends on the subject but it makes things much easier for classes where participation is key (e.g languages) 
Because I get to repeat the lecture over and over again. 
More interactive, allows for questions, better understanding
I have like learning and taking notes and looking things up in my own time I also have autism and find calls very anxiety inducing so I usually watch back revordings of teams meeting 
It’s more engaging.
It’s easier to do it on my own time and I can go through it quickly 
Being able to ask questions!
Because you can make answer to the teacher in the meantime
Easy to complete on my own
I can watch it many times 
I can watch and pause it at any given time, very convenient because I can manage my daily schedule myself

It is much more flexible, I can decide when I listen to them or watch them but also it is so important to have the opportunity to ask questions when needed. All in all I would say I prefer recorded content but consultation is also really important to me. 
I can then digest the information in my own time and make my own notes.
I feel like watching recording lectures is really passive. I don’t know if I’m actually learning anything and it’s a big change from how we where taught in person because we used Socratic and now we are just being talked at and the lecturers can’t see if they are going too fast or we don’t understand. Zoom sessions at least have an interactive element and we can ask questions etc. it also feels more like a community when you can see the people in your classes faces 
As you can write your notes while watching the video
it allows us to have active conversations with our peers and teachers which we would normally have in school so i guess it creates a sense of ‘normality’ 
This way we can somehow engage in the lesson by answering questions in the chat and also asking any questions I might have, rather than having to email my teacher if I was watching a stream of the lesson which they have recorded with another class and asked us to watch it as our own lesson. 
Can watch the lectures when it is most convenient for you 
I can do it al my own time
More interactive
It encourages interaction, which is something that is extremely lacking in these times
Face to face content able to ask questions 
Do it at your own rhythm but also more alive than just reading pdf or text
it’s close to normal teaching 
Interaction with the seminar tutor and other students is really helpful for actually understanding concepts
I learn the most and it isn't boring.
I can complete the work at my own pace
Face to face interaction ensures better understanding and clearing doubts regarding uploaded materials becomes easier
its easy to go back over & to take breaks if i need them

It’s easier to take things at my own pace 
less pressure to be fully focused and have the energy to be present because working in my family home is difficult 
I like to be able to pause or rewind what a teacher is saying without disrupting the flow for others, and I find live video quite stressful as all sorts can go wrong!
Allowed me to go through the work at my own pace, looking things up as I needed to but it also meant that I could email my teachers with questions and get a fairly quick response.
The closest thing to a real life face to face lecture can get immediate answers to questions 
It’s accessible for me. And I prefer a larger-class because you get more opinions and it hits different :)
More interaction
I can organize my time by myself and watch lectures whenever I want, also I can pause video or rewatch it if needed. 
It is a million times more engaging than a recorded lecture that I just fall asleep during. Forces me to keep a routine, and get some good old social interaction too.
less distractions, teacher is teaching you not yourself 
I have a schedule, it feels more like a “normal” class, I can ask questions in real time, we can have group discussions 
Easier to access the materials.
i dont waste time and study better at my own
It’s better than just having the lecture slides uploaded but easier than having to do a zoom class
It gives more time to write notes and allows me to watch the video when it suits me
You are able to get the work done at your own pace, without the pressure of the rest of the class doing it as the same time 
It helps me to engage in depth with the material, which makes recalling it easier for me. 
More hands on teaching from my teachers which helps my understanding 
I understand the work more, and can better communicate and issues
Allows for live interaction with and feedback 
More interactive
We are able to interact, and when asking questions there is immediate response 
I prefer hearing the lecturer’s voice while they are explaining a concept rather than reading about it. 
Ask questions & share ideas 
It's easier to follow along and pause if needed to properly understand the content
It is the most similar to sitting in actual class and I genuinely feel like I’m learning something.
It feels like a ”real” lecture 
It is more helpful and you can learn when you want
Because we get to interact and we also have someone making sure we're actually studying and not like knitting or something
Gives more structure to my day. It’s similar to what my normal classes are so it wasn’t hard to adapt. Also, I study engineering so studying uploaded material without having a professor explain it is difficult 
You can learn more from recorded videos than by simply uploaded PowerPoint presentations. 
As it makes me feel engaged and remain focused on my subjects
I learn better from having things explained to me, and when it’s recorded I can stop, replay, make notes etc, so it’s a good balance of hearing my teachers’ voices while not being left behind in a live chat
Easier feedback 
Can do it in a schedule that works best for me
I’m doing a music degree so it’s way easier to play live and have immediate feedback from teachers instead of waiting for them to watch it and then possible confusion over what they mean etc
Feels more like an actual connection with teacher. 
Easy to ask questions
It was all I we were given
Everything is in writing which helps me learn better 
More like the usual teaching experience 
Because taking into consideration the many distractions that my enviroment may have, this way i can stop and replay whenever i want to so that i dont miss any info
Actually learning something because if I’m left to myself I won’t do it 
Discussions with teachers and other students and able to ask questions live. Zoom meetings are also recorded and uploaded onto google classroom for students who are unable to attend and it is useful to look back on meetings.
I prefer having an online live class as opposed to just being assigned work that I have to figure out on my own.
You can pause and rewind if you need and take a break if its a lot of information in one class 
It's closer to a normal lecture in school which feels more normal. 
Recorded lectures let me jump back and forth to content that I don’t fully grasp. And although they may not fulfill  the need of having the support of a teacher for questions at that moment, they let me set my own schedule and take my time with the content I’m learning. 
It gives you the freedom to choose when is most convenient for you to learn the material
So that I can schedule and work out the time I need which is mostly less than the teacher would give in class
I would like if they did online classes at my school as i feel like i would be more productive as it’s more similar to a classroom environment rather than looking at a document which has been uploaded 
I miss having interactions with teachers and want to see them every day. 
Because it's almost like being in a classroom on campus, which is what I learn from the most. 
It feels more real
It gives you the option to revisit the material for future study/revision of the topics covered in the class. 
Less pressure than live discussions
I feel that live classes enable better conection between the students and the lecturer than recorded or emailed materials ans this is really important to me. Just hearing the professor's voice and seeing his/hers face is making me more enthusiastic and motivated to attend lecture and is way more fun and personal also.
I can pause the video if I need a moment to process what I just learned or if I need some more time to take notes. I can rewatch the video if I didn't understand it from the first time. 
It forces me to be focused and prepare for the class
I'm a geology student and it's really hard to learn throw emails because we actually have to analyze the rocks or do microscopic research. In the current situation I find it easier to learn in a live class, so that the teachers can explain with more details. 
I’m able to engage with my teacher and a few of my classmates to ask questions, discuss topics in more detail etc. 
I can do it in my own time and focus on the sections that I want to in more depth and without the time pressures.
Because it allows you to interact with the teacher
Because you see all the others and it is more fun
I find it better in terms of learning because it is not an unilateral lesson but students can ask questions and understand the subjects on a deeper level. In this way online lessons become very similar to our conventional school lessons.
You can rewatch and easily take notes/have something to go back to
Feels more direct and easy
You can ask questions live and it’s easier to engage 
Allows real-time engagement with other students and the teacher(s).
It’s easier to understand the material when someone talks about it to me
It’s easier to get the topic and ask questions if there are any. 
Able to communicate with lecturers and other students easier 
With live classes, you are forced to participate and forced to hear the audio from your instructor. Other methods are harder because of a lack of motivation. With live classes you can ask real time questions, and are forced to answer. The other methods - who knows if you're doing the work...
It encourages open discussion, and is the closest to face-to-face teaching.
Allows me to go back and pause whenever I don’t understand something 
I'm an independent learner and if I get stuck I can always email my lecturers any questions.
Someone explaining it to me with the aid of lecture slides allows me to retain, absorb and understand the content so much more
Because you can organize yourself as you like and watch it at any time in the day 
Because we can easily interact with the teachers
because we can easily ask questions, but we never get to use this mode
I think I am able to focus more.
Microsoft teams
Interaction + it made me feel accountable 
I don’t like online calling it’s too formal I prefer larger classes
It still gives us the support of a professor even though we are being taught online 
Can do it on your own timeline
It forces me to attend and be active. With recorded videos or uploaded notes I find myself passively reviewing without engaging in the new material.
Can schedule work at own time/when best suited which helps with motivation 
It’s more motivating when someone is giving the information live and is available there and then which allows for any confusion to be cleared up instead of  waiting hours or days for a response on a forum, having live lectures gets me up and ready for the day and makes me more productive 
More interaction that recorded lectures
I can’t always attend live lectures at the time they happen, so having them be recorded makes managing my time easier.
Flexibility 
because the teacher can lecture and i can ask questions
Work can be explained easier this way as you are able to talk to class mates and tutors 
Because it’s more interactive and feels more normal
it’s easy accessible  and reliable.
Easy to ask for clarification and questions. More engagement required.
Much more interesting and easier to learn and keep focus
I can repeat or watch it again. 
Because we’re used to have class live whether it’s online or physically. We’re able to have the same form just online where we can instantly ask the teachers questions just like we would physically. 
If feel like I remember the most of them
It is more flexible as I also work part time / have other hobbies
I can choose when to study myself
It gives me freedom to complete it when I want to do I can take advantage of the rest of my day.
A lot easier to ask questions and a more in depth understanding of the task
Because I can work in my own pace and I can decide when I work. I also can decide what I spend my time on: what’s “ worth” doing and investing time in.
I don’t really have experience with the other modes. I am more motivated by live classes because they ‘force’ you to pay attention and react to your teachers and other students in the chat.
Because it is often set out in high detail and easier to follow in my opinion
You can do the work at your own pace and fully understand it before moving onto the next lecture. Also if the wifi is bad that day, then i can watch it another day whereas i would have missed the live class which would be bard to catch up. 
I am able to replay parts of the lecture I do not understand. 
Can do it at your own pace
I feel like, in calls you do not really have the time to properly think about questions, before anyone else already answers them. Also, I think I would definetely prefer video calls if they werent the way they are rn. For instance, we are not using a good-working platform, neither do our teachers explain anything or let us habe discussions. Every call is about half an hour long and we talk mostly about stuff we already did or sth organisational.
I learn so much better when someone is explaining the material than me just reading it on my own
more interactive 
Can ask questions, get to see other students and have the same support system with each other
Because I get to see and hear my porfessor and classmates. It makes is slightly more "normal".
Zoom calls or live classes are usually awkward but I find it helpful to have a visual AND an audio component.
Better to see everyone and ask questions in real time as well as here the views and knowledge of your peers
Emailed materials 
It takes interaction
I can study the materials by my own but still have the face to face moments with my teachers, which are very useful for instant questions that are popping up or prepared questions.
Easier to understand what the teacher wants from our work. 
I can do things at my own pace and don’t have to waste my time in class where I usually don’t learn much anyway
Faster way to get answers from teachers 
and more engaging
I can watch whenever I want to even re-watch (I can take notes), write up my questions and send them to the teacher ( or the study group so everyone can see). 
Much more productive and forces me to actually do the work!! 
Easy to follow, able to ask questions 
I get to see my classmates and learn like we would in school 
Allows me to watch the lectures at my own pace and the audio and visuals help me to understand the topics. 
I feel comfortable and can go over anything that is discussed using this method. 
more interaction
More interactive
I feel like i actually am in class and can actively learn.
In Turkish universities, generally courses are live classes and these classes must record in order to access for unavaliable studends watching or reviewing later. I think this is the best preferred mode for me. 
I find Zoom classes are somewhat useless and inefficient — it feels like my instructor just tries to fill the time with busy work or random discussions.
It feels most similar to a classroom setting 
don’t have to show your face or speak
because in my city, the most part of the people doesn’t have good access to the internet.
You can get immediate feedback.
Allows for asking questions
It is more interactive and mirrors what in school lessons would be like. Also would be nice to see teachers and friends, even if it was virtually. 
You can hear concepts being explained as many times as you need
Most realistic to a classroom setting
Because i can watch it whenever I want, and also because i can replay it if i didn't understood something. I think both parte (teachers and students) could be more benefited from this way.
I do a BTEC and essentially the end of this year we have been just completing assignments and so calls aren't entirely required. I do like the socialization we get from talking to the teachers as the calls are mostly how we are doing.
Can be taken at own pace in your own time
Actual discussion with teachers that we are unable to currently have and a way to keep up productivity and not fall behind
You can ask questions and get an immediate answer 
It means there is still face to face time to ask questions rather than it being lost in a podcast
You can do everything when you want at your own pace
It takes place at a certain time, which holds me accountable to devote this time only for studying. I also know that I am not able to stop the lecture or replay it later, which makes this time very productive because I have to focus fully on the lecture. 
It is the most engaging for my degree (Sociology) so allows for discussion
I can work through the work at my own pace in order to fully understand the content 
It allows for a level of direct contact with teachers without involving direct participation in the way that live classes do.
You can still see/speak to your teacher face to face, which brings an element of normality to the situation
Being able to discuss ideas and be present while learning is incredibly important to the process
one to one with the teacher 
Easier to focus when a teacher is walking through it. Otherwise I am tempted to just do work quickly to get it done but not really taking it in. 
You can ask questions and get an answer immidiately
More engaging with the professor 
It's the closest to in person learning. I'm an auditory learner so I need at least a video. And zoom classes are the closest thing to teaching in a classroom that my professors have. 
Can discuss ideas with peers without anxiety of group calls
it gives me freedom in when i can learn
Idk
Closest method in mimicking face-to-face lecturing/teaching
Feels as though your in a classroom within the comfort of knowing that home life couldn’t get in the way 
It is easily accessible at any time and it you didn't understand the first time you can relisten the lectures again
More motivation to do it
I can interact with the instructor and other students.
It’s Live 
Able to interact with the lecturer or tutor and ask questions as we would do in a normal lecture
I have to be present and concentrated because the professors are randomly calling on people. Also I can immediately ask questions and get feedback to my work
I learn more with active engagement 
It allows me to work at my own pace and concentrate on the things I find hard.
It helps me feel motivated and engaged during the lecture 
It’s interactive and I they can see you 
Because it’s live. You can have a better understanding  and you can ask you teacher everything more easily 
It's much more interactive and I feel more engaged in the content .... I am more likely to remember it if I have an interactive lesson

It allows for live interaction with my peers and instructors
Because we still get to interact and discuss with other students 
I think it’s closest to studying at school. You can ask questions at the exact moment you need to and it’s easier to get started with exercises after even a short live session.
It allows me to learn things at my own pace and only have to go over the things that I specifically don’t understand
Easy to ask Qs and allows students to work together
Easy to usdertabsd 
because i can watch it on my own time and replay/rewatch the parts that i don’t understand
More engaging, easier to ask for help.
immediacy of question/answer processes and the ability to retain connections with staff/students
Because I prefer having my times and learning things with my own method
It’s the most similar to actually being in a lesson.
Feels more personal, can ask questions, nice to interact with lecturers/classmates during these isolated times, schedules love classes add structure to my days/weeks
The teachers can explain tricky concepts
It's more engaging that watching a lecture
Allows me to pause/skip and go at my own speed
Sometimes it’s hard to engage with online classes 
Easy to view
Less technical and internet issues interfering than when live
I think I would enjoy it because it allows you to be more engaged (both audio and visual) and you could do it at your own pace. My profs only uploaded notes, so it was very hard to be motivated or engaged. 
I find it hard to pay attention to my 2 hour classes online. I’d much prefer to read the material myself and take notes.
You can have interaction with fellow students and help each other
I find reading large bulks of information quite difficult, so having someone else do the talking helps to keep me focused
Can go back and take more notes if I need.
I get to ask questions to the Teachers
if you miss anything you can skip back and you can take your time writing notes.
It is more effective than real classes or individual studying
I’m more engaged if it’s live 
I can take my own time to go through the work ,allows me to get a better understanding of it as it is not rushed.
Gives a sense of normalcy and is also more personal
Because i get to study the classes whenever i find it best and i get to rewatch them until i understand fully what is being thaught 
I think live classes would be good if the students actually interacted with the professor. Also if cameras were turned on for both students and teacher. In all of my classes no-one turned on their camera, not even the teacher. 
Because I prefer to be in a distanced environment regarding online classes.
Makes me feel comfortable
I can choose when to watch them and I get less distracted 
Live stuff doesn't go as smooth, I can work at my own pace
It would ensure that I actually do the work, not procrastinate.
The whole class is able to interact with one another, the teacher is more accessible for advice/help.
It is closer to a classroom enviroment, and let's me ask questions.

To be honest, I prefer a mixture between online classes and recorded classes because it provides other resources that we can use when we are feeling bored of the same method of learning. For example, sometimes I struggle with concentration during my online lectures because it is very easy to drift off when hiding behind a screen, so recorded lectures precise a sort of ‘backup’ for those days where the concentration morality is low :) 

I chose online lessons because personally, I think the main advantage of online lessons over recorded lessons is that we are able to ask questions and participate more, however, there is also the issue of shyness and fear of being wrong which prevents me from voicing my concerns sometimes (the private chat option on zoom really helps with this) 

In Malta, it seems that live sessions are preferred over the other methods (as far as I know). On the downside, I am getting pretty fed up of online lectures as I feel as if I am not able to fully participate/engage in my learning and there are a lot of distractions such as phones, noise, pets, parents, siblings etc.
Can ask any questions straight away, and it is the most like real life I suppose
Better communication 
Social contact
i can pause the video at any time!! and go back and watch things again
I am not tied down to a schedule
It is easiest to go at my own pace and I can go back and double check things if I am unsure
More engagement with the task however I do like working by myself so I’m not too bothered 
face to face conversation allowing me to ask questions and get responses immediately 
The only option for me
It’s more interactive and motivates you to do the work when you know you have to attend a scheduled live lecture or seminar 
It allows for me to learn at my own pace, and structure my day around school work, giving me time to explore different things, and go even deeper into the topics being taught. This in turn reduces my stress and anxiety levels and has increased overall happiness & wellness.
Allows interaction with other students and staff, I feel less alone at home, allows more questions to be asked, mostly nice to have other interactions, keeps me to a schedule more than recorded lectures
Because I can plan my own time and be very flexible
I like knowing other people are joining at the same time (a sense of community) and it helps me keep accountable on the work because I have to prepare for classes at a certain day and time instead of whenever 
More productive, able to chat to tutors whilst they are teaching
You can do it on your own schedule, no need to be present at 8am for a class
It is more like learning in person. I think you learn more when there are other people to bounce ideas off. It’s also more motivating when it’s a live class you know you have to attend. 
I find work easier to understand when it’s explained audibly by a teacher
It allows the student to ask the teacher questions and makes engaging with the subject easier. 
Is easier to understand.
Most like a normal lesson. We can interact with the teacher easily and ask questions as we go along. 
Allows me to pause and rewind so if I don’t understand something or I need a break I have that option. Also being able to watch things on 1.5x speed is great
You're free to do it whenever you feel like it 
Feels most real and can ask questions with instant response 
feels most like a real class, can ask questions right away, engagement is high
It is the most similar to school and we still get to interact with our teachers and classmates
It means you can interact, and hold you accountable if you actually have to speak to someone! 
I will be able to learn each lesson/concept at my own pace while also understanding the topic from my instructor rather than doing assignments and not fully grasping what I am learning. 
More interactive, and able to ask questions
Social anxiety
Because I like hearing the teacher speak rather than reading the lessons. Its harder to piece everythibg together otherwise
Because its interactive and pushes you more to take part. 
Can go over it more than once
Allows us to engage with material in our own time
You do not have to participate in a live video recording. 
It is like being in class and is more visual. Whereas our method of uploading stuff and being sent emails relies on ones ability to teach oneself.
Having to show up, be present and the possibility to get called on holds me accountable more than any other mode of online teaching. 
I take very interactive subjects (like english) which require discussion and others interpretations. and also it forces me to be productive as motivating myself to do questions that are just set online is very difficult and I often don’t do them 
more interactive, feels like more worth for money
I can do them at any time 
You can ask questions and get a response straight away and is the most engaging 
Get to work through questions
As it's more accessible when internet connection level is low 
We are able to talk to each other and work together in groups. It is also easier to learn the material when the teacher is talking rather than just reading.
I can work at my own pace and can better structure my time.
It limits my freedom to choose whenever I want to do something and therefor keeps my procrastination in check
Easy to access help at any time 
better communication with teachers
Because it allows for the work to be fully explained in detail 
Because you can follow the lessons on your own pace.
I could schedule my time.
You can actually see the teacher and ask questions so there is also more pressure to complete the work as they have seen you 
The collaborative environment, though my internet didn’t always work :/
You get to catch up with everyone and give feedback on each others work
you can ask questions
More personal interaction and an ability to ask questions directly to the teacher
I feel more inclined to participate and connected to fellow students which I highly value from a learning experience. I actually would prefer a hybrid instruction that combined pre recorded screencasts for the main instructional presentation from the instructor and then shorter live discussions 
Because its the closest to real lessons. 
I’m able to go back and make more notes if I need to and not just rely on one live video to make all my notes 
Feels more like an actual classroom 
It explains the content the best
You can pause the video if you need additional time and it is much more organised than zoom lectures
Less confusion, more efective
Can access at most convient time, can rewatch and pause the video to take better notes, lectures tend to be more structured and flow better as opposed to the zoom lectures 
Bc I can read through at my own pace and reorganise my notes that work in a way for me 
Quite often on live classes on Zoom etc there were delays/ connection issues. Although it’s harder to discuss things on pre recorded lectures, it’s easier to understand all the info. 
Interact with friends and the teacher
Makes me accountable. It is also a more structured type because you can’t do it at another time. The recorded classes take a lot more motivation. 
You can participate and ask questions 
It gives you the opportunity to ask questions live.
Gives the option to obtain quick feedback on questions about the content of the class
I can plan de video’s around my schedule, so I have more free time 
Can pause and rewind to create more detailed notes
Because, it is more similar to our old education system. You are able to ask what you think at that time.
It holds me accountable and keeps a schedule for when to do classes.
It’s the most interactive and similar to what we had before. 
Allows for discussion and I find it easier to keep engaged with than recorded lectures because you have your camera on
You can actually discuss things with the professor.
It’s easier for direct confrontation with teachers 
Almost human interaction
We also used live classes for some purposes and I found it very awkward a lot of the time. Attendance was often poor and engagement was low. There were a lot of awkward silences and pauses. Recorded lectures mean I can do everything at my own pace. 
Can ask questions 
Can ask questions. Presentations can be tailored to what the group needs. More like regular college.
It helps to be able to pause the lectures when they go too fast, but the lack of interaction between lecturer and students is definitely not good. 
You can ask questions
it makes sure i fully concentrate and dont get distracted 
engagement improves my understanding, motivation and general quality of learning 
Chance to process the information in my own time.
 I prefer it because it is more active and I can engage in the class, while it can be a little annoying and I can get distracted I like the option of being able to feel like I’m actually doing the class in real time, and I still have the option to watch the recorded class after it’s been held.
Keeps me interacted in the lessons otherwise I’m easily distracted! 
Interaction with people and set times (so you don't get behind that much as with recorded sessions)
It is the most like real lessons and it feels like learning, not just working
It gives larger room for new ideas
It feels personal& is the closest to “normal” lessons at school.
Includes more interaction. I usually tune out in lessons that do not include any interaction. Very hard to focus when the whole thing feels one sided.
Because it has the mix between a lecture like it is at uni and the interaction with questions... it doesn't differ that much from what I am used to at uni
Because it is still face-to-face physical learning involving the teacher - student relationship and interaction. It is also proactive meaning that you can ask questions and have them answered as a classroom layout would also accommodate. 
more interaction 
I like the being told and explained information directly to me, and I can watch it whenever I like. 
Less stress, flexible learning times
Much more interactive - almost feels like real lessons and can ask questions and discuss - also good from a socialising point of view 

It honestly depends on the subjects. But I like to be able to pause and look back/repeat in harder subjects like Biochemistry and physiology 
It’s so much more engaging, helps to stay more motivated if you have a properly scheduled time to learn and then you’re already in the right frame of mind to continue to study afterwards.
Easy to access 
I can easily reach out to the teacher if i have any questions
Easier to take notes and I can view the lecture at whatever time I please 
Because I have enough of time to do them and I do them when I want
Because it's definitely more active!
For interaction with lecturers and peers
More independent 
It gives you more freedom to manage your own time than a live class, but it still allows you to discuss concepts and ask questions.
It’s more easy the interactions with my professors 
Being able to take and study the lectures at my own pace and at any time of the day
More engaging and forces you to attend/pay attention
There would be more support on work. I have no clue what I’m doing 
I like to be able to go back and rewatch concepts that I do not understand
Because it would motivate me to get up
And do the lecture. Pre recorded things that I get now are boring and just plain unhelpful

it's more interactive and feels normal like face to face lecturing. 
I like to be able to go back any time e need the lesson.
They are normally shorter and straight to the point because other students don’t ask questions and you can refer to them later easily. 
I don't like the idea of being called upon
most similar to school normally 
Because ive got the freedom to do it whenever i want and i can go faster if i get it.
It's more personal and the teaching can be directed to a student's needs when the teaching is actually happening
No face to face contact 
It allows me to be more focused 
I enjoy being able to learn at my own pace & have the ability to rewatch material
Forces me to interact and complete the work 
You can watch it at your own pace
The instructions and expectations can be read and understood easily. It is much easier to keep a record of the work that I have completed (or not completed). 
It gives more room for interactions between the teacher and students
Much more interactive
Offline studying only 
It allows me to process it in my own time. 
I can ask the teachers questions there and then and I feel more motivated to do the work of someone is watching me
explanations are much clearer in videos than in materials uploaded. 
Interactive 
Interactive 
It gives structure and schedule to the day and allows for direct contact with teachers and peers.
More interactive and easier to concentrate
Because we have the opportunity to ask questions
Flexibility and time saving 
It allows flexibility for both professors and students, but it is also a more personal teaching method than pdfs 
It's easier to get an answer, more interesting
Easier to access and understand in your own time
You can chose to complete the lecture at a time which is good for you and you can pause or replay sections to ensure you understand the lecture.
Well all are bad but its the least awful
It is the most efficient way.
Because I can pause to take notes
You can watch it at your own tempo at the time you want it.
i’m a visual learner and i understand the tasks better this way.
It is easier for it to seem like a normal class if the teacher is talking to you and looking for your participation 
We can ask questions and engage in a two-way conversation rather than passively working.
More engaging, less likely to zone out and not take in content
Easy too ask questions and also explain your question further when it is misunderstood
I don’t like any of these methods 
It's difficult to learn just from PDFs. When there are recorded lectures, it's much easier to understand which points are most important, and personally it suits my learning style much better (not a visual learner!)
I would feel too shy to speak during an online class
More interactive 
Visual/Audio learner and this seems to work best! 
Less intimidating than face-to-face live chat and works best when I can choose the best time for me to study.
You can ask questions and it feels cozier.
Can work a daily routine around scheduled live lectures.
You are able to rewatch parts of a video and stop at any time to record information. With love videos you're more likely to miss out on information.
Even though I wasn’t productive afterwards, it kept me accountable and made it so I accomplished something 
More  confortable 
I can do it at my own pace 
I have a teacher explaining the work rather than just having to guess
because i am allowed to talk live with my teachers and “bounce back” on ideas quickly 
It has more involvement and I am more engaged.
I want to study when Im motivated
It gives me time to follow the lecturers at my own pace. I don’t feel as pressured to follow when I am not having a good day.
More interactive 
It allows me time to take my own notes and pause if breaks are needed
It is the most similar to in person learning
Because you can interact with other students and the teacher, so it replicates the A Level classroom environment.
It’s is easier and a lot more efficient 
More interactive
It would be really good at time management, helping to maintain life as close to normal as possible. Currently, my school is uploading materials onto google classroom for us to do in our own time. However I hugely struggle with time management, and therefore due to this method of learning I am falling behind on my courses which causes me a great amount of stress and anxiety. Having live online classes would be a huge help in combating my time management and motivation issues. 
More engaging and interactive.
You can do everything at your own space without worrying about being able to find a spot in time before class starts where you can follow it in peace and quiet.
We can watch these whenever, so it can easily work around our daily routine and accommodates for student’s preferred time of study (morning people, etc.) Also allows for us to pause the video if lecturers are speaking too quickly which is so great!! So many detailed notes can be transcribed  
Able to structure your day with more flexibility. 
I can organise everything as I wish and study whenever I want during the day.
Because you get the chance to interact with teachers and the teacher is also able to explain things better. I found that live classes have more substance and are easier to comprehend
Get a chance to engage with the material, hear others opinions
Interaction
so much more engaging !!! 10x easier to pay attention
It is the closest we can get to in class teaching. Moreover, students can ask their questions on spot and teachers may elaborate as much as needed so that every student understand the material
It’s easier to get on with it - in online calls, it can take longer because we are often asked questions instead of just writing our answers.
It allows me to take in the information, and understand the lesson, without feeling the same pressure as real-time classes, and it also means I am able to slot the lessons in what works around my schedule 
you can watch this as many times as you need to understand 
You have a list of what to do and it’s better explained
Because in Germany u get graded on participation. As an introvert that grading system is unfair. Now teachers cant grade us on participation anymore.
I can save time. I can do more habit activities.
It would allow me to engage with the work actively with a teacher whilst I am learning and is therefore the closest mode to attending school. 
You can pause/play to make notes, it's very similar to just being in the lecture theatre in many ways
Because it’s fully explained in a simple way and is directly linked to our exam board
You can have unlimited access to it
It helps you to keep a schedule 
More interactive, my questions are answered right away
active learning
Can follow the professors mindset with the lecture
It is more interactive and help can be given immediately.
It’s a lot more organized in comparison to zoom meetings. I also like that you can pause it and rewind it if necessary
I am very self-motivated, and find this the least stressful option. 
Allows me to do my uni work at a time that works for me with other commitments going on at the moment
Easier to stay focused
Because the interaction is faster and it’s somehow like being in class
More engaging
It allows the teachers to actually teach us by going over topics for revision. Teachers are more helpful than endless PowerPoint slides and word documents 
Concepts can be explained easier to the whole class and it forces everybody to make sure they have the work done at the same time.
In person 
Because it is more similar to how my normal classes used to be. Plus, teachers and students are able to interact in real time.
To be able to discuss doubts
You can get to interact with the teacher and ask questions. It also feels less lonely and isolated.
able to learn at our own pace and i’m a visual learner so powerpoints appeal to me
Mainly as it is easier for new content to be explainer by teachers 

Live classes can be boring since you can't work at your own pace.
Interaction makes much easier to stay focused
easier to communicate in real time; ask questions & receive answers
You can easily ask questions and it a more school- like experience

Live classes are more engaging. Also, I can procrastinate watching recorded lectures (and often do)
The information is talked through, which is the way I learn best 
The interaction is important to make sure you are actively thinking about the material.
Allows you to engage with the person who is actually writing the questions for your exam. So it gives you an idea of what they think are the most important points.
Allows me to take time with writing notes and rewatch the videos I do not understand fully the first time
Because I'm able to search the information and it forces me to learn by myself and not to depend on the teachers, also because the live classes aren't helping much.
It gives the teacher the chance to immediately explain things that are unclear to the class, which prevents misunderstandings etc. I find that asking questions during class helps me retain the information better as well
Forses to be more focused during lectures, easier to remember presented information
You are really in contact with teacher and you can ask question more easily than with recorded lectures 
Because we haven’t been given another other modes.
It’s better to interact with the lecturer if needed and it’s more relevant to what you want to know. We had last years lectures uploaded which weren’t personal to our year 
Clear instructions
Freedom to organize your time
It's my preferred mode as then it's up to me when to study and analyse the given material. I can freely choose the time at which I'm best focused and productive and I don't worry about not catching up with the live class.
Because you can do it in your own time and whenever you want
It gives me the freedom of completing the assignment at any time, rather than feeling the pressure to be there 
Able to talk and get questions answered without the anxiety of a video call 
it allows me to have a proper interaction with the professor
Uncomfortable with live classes
Because for the type of learning my course requires (languages) face to face interaction is much more impactful.
I prefer a mixture of all methods but recorded aids note taking
It allows face to face interaction meaning we can ask questions and help ourselves and others understand the material better
Uploaded materials are my preferred mode because I am able to work at my own pace, and research on my own. It allows me to take my time and email my teacher if I need help. 
Can do it at my own leisure, don’t have to show my face Lool 
It’s the most like real lectures 
Most engaging. When the teacher has contact with me I’ll be more motivated.
I can work at my own pace and in my own time
Better than uploaded content as more info is brought across and not as intense as live zoom calls 
More interactive and engaging. Adds structure and routine to studying at home. 
Uploaded or emailed materials 
It's the only way.
I feel more inclined to stick to my timetable and I’m less likely to get distracted by my phone etc. 
Because I feel like it’s clearer when the teacher cannot be disturbed
It makes sure I don’t lag behind and it gives the opportunity to ask questions directly and get immediate feedback
It feels the closed thing to a supervision or seminar!
It simulates classroom based learning, provides live interactions, and its easy to access. 
You can go over it at your own speed and watch it at any time 
Because it gives me a sense of routine
Because I'm obliged to listen to what the professor at least for a bit whereas I don't read read the documents sent to us by emails
I like the idea that the lessons are live just like they’d be in normal school
Can learn at my own pace
less anxiety
can ask questions live and get an immediate answer from lecturer
Less stress, even if live classes are a good method of learning and maybe you are more involved, it's stressing 
Uploaded or emailed materials
It's something between prerecorded lectures and zoom sessions. I have one professors who uploads 10-20 min videos on each subject  and offers a zoom meeting once a week to answere questions. So I actually prefer both because I can watch the videos at my own pace and because they are divided into many short videos it's not too much information to process, as it would be with an hour long lecture.
I can take notes and rewind at my own pace to retain the information much better
It's the closest to what we usually have and is tied with uploaded materials 
Because if I don't have a specific time to do a task like being present at a zoom lecture at a certain time I end up procrastinating a lot. I cannot manage my time efficiently on my own.
There’s a specific schedule you don’t have to invent
I feel obligated to pause or replay certain parts with recorded lectures if I missed something or something went to quickly for me to write it all down, which makes listening to them so much longer than a live lecture. And since you can pause you tend to lose focus quicker as “you can pause anytime anyway so it doesn’t matter”. I feel I would focus better during a live lecture as then it is the only time I can actually hear the info being explained to me and it takes a set amount of time so I know exactly what to expect on how much time it is going to take. 
It feels more as if I’m actually being taught, my teachers just post telling us to learn something and don’t teach it
I like the possibility to directly interact with the professor and other students
When classes are live, it's easier to mange your time and you have more a feeling of engagment. My live classes start normaly at 8:30 so I have to wake up at time. When they are recorded I tend to sleep in and lose a lot of time.
It allows me to access the material when it fits with my schedule. I am on a different time zone from my school so that makes it easier.
I like being able to ask questions in real time and it feels more like being in school than a recorded lecture. 
Work in own time
You can join in the class much more and it forces you to concentrate and you do really feel like you have been at school
Because it allows interactions with the lecturers and feels less distant and disconnected. 
Allows you to stay connected to fellow class members and your teachers! Also they can see your face so they can tell instantly if your confused or don’t understand. You can also get instant help and ask questions alone with discussions!
Allows interaction with the instructor 
We havent been having live classes but from what I’ve seen and heard, they would benefit me so much more.
More interactive, can ask questions and it feels the closest to actually being in a classroom 
I appreciate that the lecturer is on hand for questions, to lead activities/discussion, and that I can still interact in some way with my peers
It’s closer to what it’s like in real life and has the added bonus of being able to pause to make notes
there is more (in the moment) interaction, therefore more active learning
You can take the time you need and work at the time you’re most productive at
Easier to understand when a teacher is actually explaining something rather than just powerpoints
You can relisten it
I get to do the work whenever I want
I am able to pause and make notes at my own speed but still have the explanation of a teacher 
I would rather get the assignments and work on my own, rather than listen to a zoom lecture. I find it more productive to do actual work, and get assistance from my teachers. 
You truly can do it in your own speed or time. When you‘re at home all the time it‘s nice to be able to pick your own speed and schedule.
Closest to our real classes, opportunity to ask questions directly
It is more similar to ‘normal/real’ school. 
proper content, gives time to make notes and save lectures for a later date- so valuable
I am able to communicate with classmates in real time, and get instant answers from my course leaders.
It is the main one used
Because I usually get distracted during live classes. And because it is easier for me to take notes and understand a topic when I study by myself while watching recorded lectures/videos.
I can do the work in my own time 
Because this and discussion chats were the only two used and the discussion chats were pointless 
It allows me to study at my own pace instead of trying to catch up to people who already know about the topic or having to slow down for people who don't. Even though in school we'd have to adjust, with online classes the number of students have increased ( not technically in school these are courses for University entrance tests ) so there are upto 3000 people from across the country at times.
Easier and more personal interaction.
It provides some form of face to face contact which I find easier to engage with and helpful when learning challenging materials 
direct interactions with my teachers
Able to interact one-on-one
As it helps me concentrate better. When I am just set work it is hard to stay focused where as having to be constantly on the ball,
Listening to the teacher in case they pick on me is better. 
It's the closest one to the real thing, with some added benefits, like rewatching the lecture afterwards 
It is more interactive and you can easily ask questions 
You can ask your doubs in the same time you're learning that new knowledge and get feedback in that same second.
I could get help from classmates as well as the teachers.
It helps me stay engaged and excited about class when i can see the faces of my teachers and classmates 
You are able to interact with your teachers 
This way it is easier to interact and ask questions
 can use this at any time and take my time and go at my own pace to understand things better
Because I enjoy active learning and interacting with my peers.
It is more up to date than old recordings and best replicates the normal uni experience 
It’s the closest teaching technique to how we learned in school 
Because I can go back and watch it over and over until I understand!
This method allows for a certain degree of autonomy and self-structure while maintaining a personalized level of instruction and normalcy with a “face-to-face” inspired instruction style. 
Answers get immediate response and nice to just see people’s faces!!!
It is probably the closest replication of what teaching was like pre covid, and still encourages active involvement. 
I feel most independent doing it and am able to create my own routine and pace. 
I have more flexibility with when I can attend lectures.
Encourages you participate and it’s the only option I’ve been given 
More motivating 
More detail
Flexibility
I like working at my own pace independently 
Because live classes come closest to real lectures.
I get can get on with work in my own time and it’s not pressured.
I can talk to my teachers
I like going through lectures in my own time. I did this before the virus as well. I would go to my lecture then go through the recording afterwards.
No live classes were offered by my uni, but I feel that they would have been a better and more direct substitute for normal classes. 
Because I can easily communicate my problems or discussions
Makes it more personal/real than just something uploaded (though this has its own benefits too). Seems a bit more with the money. 
Because you can ask questions in real time (and get answers quickly) and bc you can participate (which is graded in my case)
Get the most for what you are paying for 
easy to interact “directly”
feels more like a classroom
I am more alert cause the teacher could call our names at any time. Therefore i make double efforts to pay attention and get a better grasp of the concept
Because you actually get to engage more with the class /activity 
I can do it on my own schedule 
Because i can understand what the professor is meaning and also play it back when ever i want it
Easier to follow/access
I find it difficult and awkward to interact over video call and I can do everything at my own pace as it’s harder now everything’s online 
Haven’t had the chance to experience the others as our school has only uploaded materials nothing else. 
Can ask questions in real time
You get interaction with your instructor, and they can then tailor the material, or help with parts that you don’t understand.  
I am in a time zone 9 hrs behind my school so this way i dont have to wake up between 2-4am for class
It allows me to pause, rewind, keep and fully take in the content
Holds me accountable to attend the class, more engaging, means I can raise issues straight away
I can complete in my own time but it is also useful as the teacher is going through the work like it would be in class.
Easy and interactive
Because it’s most like in person classes
Because I am free to choose when to watch the recorded lecture and to take pauses whenever i need them. Additionally I don't miss any information if the internet didn't work during live classes 
Because we can learn everything at our own pace and we can ask the teacher questions via e-mail if we don’t understand something
As I am able to communicate with my teachers and fellow students in live time
It has the most interaction which gives me more motivation 
Similar to a seminar for being able to have a discussion 
my questions can be answered immediately 

Feels the most normal. Interacting on a webcam feels like a better discussion than forums. Feels more like a seminar.
More interactive
Cause I can pause videos when I need more time to write a point down and it’s not as awkward as video chats. Also when it’s takin a long to get to a point I can just speed it up
Easier to engage
My live zooms were still conducted at the same class time which made it easier to keep my previous college schedule whereas my recorded lectures were uploaded at inconsistent times 
I like to be able to give questions
Can be done at any time 
It is the one that resembles the traditional type of learning the most, it feels more engaging and it helps me have a structure to my day as they are scheduled at fixed hours.
As I am able to engage with teachers and talk about any problems that arise in real time. It is especially useful for language subjects such as french as speaking has an important role in the subject
I learn better in an environment where I can interact with my teachers directly during lessons which makes the live classes really useful for me. 
I do not like the pressure of zoom seminars.
I find it hard to focus on live lessons while at home, I get distracted too easily, so having the materials and time to work on them at my own pace is really helpful. 
independence, learn at my own pace
More connected 
More interactivr
I find it best because I can do the work at my own pace , time and place .
I love interacting and it helps me remember the material more
It keeps me engaged and accountable for my learning
Because it is the closest to in-person classes we can get at the moment
Most like regular lectures. Easier to stay focussed and engaged.
Can get an answer straight away if you don't understand, feel more engaged 
Because I don't need to do much. I can just chill and listen. (And draw at the same time.)
It promotes engagement and socializing, actually getting out brains to work and analyse the information and not just try to absorb it
contact with teachers, easily ask questions 
Because I won't be able to procrastinate- I have this hour dedicated to this lecture 
Most interactive and easier way to speak to lecturers as you normally would be able to if classes were on campus
It helped me get a better understanding and the information stays in my head for longer 
It allows me to work at my own pace
I'd rather it be taught like an actual face to face lesson rather than a list of unguided resources. My college tutors have not been using zoom lessons at all but I think it would be really beneficial so that we don't fall behind.
It allows me to go back and take more in depth notes.
More interaction and can ask questions when you think of them rather then through email which can take more time. The vibe is more similar to being in an actual classroom.
I study languages and it's the best way to practice conversation and get social interaction
Because it feels most interactive and closest to normal as possible.
We get to interact more and get our doubts cleared without keeping it for later 
I would allow me to engage with my teachers and ask questions more easily 
Our lectures were always recorded, so I usually watch them instead of attending it, as I could watch it in 2x speed and honestly also, the lecture halls at LSE are really uncomfortable
Easier to process info when it’s being spoken instead of reading it off a page
I enjoy being able to take class at a time that is convenient to me. I find that with recorded lectures, I can listen when I am in the right headspace, so I find myself paying more attention and truly listening to the teacher. I also have the freedom of scheduling my days/weeks to my own liking for better balance and productivity.
I do modern languages so need to speak!!
It’s as close as we can get to a classroom setting. The teachers can explain concepts and it’s more personal.
feels the most like “normal school”, easier to express yourself 
I’m able to benefit from my teacher explaining everything thoroughly, whilst still being able to pause the video to work at my own pace. 
It’s more interactive and it gives me the chance to give ideas as well as receive new thoughts and ideas. Also, if I have a question or something I want to say, it makes it easier to talk about it rather than email it and get a response days later.
Interactive. You get to ask questions and engage with your tutor in the spot. 
In part, because I have not really experienced the others to actually prefer them. But also because I appreciate a dynamic learning experience where i can interact, converse and ask questions with peers and professors 
It is comfortable to be able to take the lecture at any time, also don’t feel the pressure to participate. Also if some of the content is too easy can easily skip forward, or if something is unclear go listen to it again. (I know that participating would be good, but perks of remote school have that it’s  not forced)
It feels more similar to the actual thing 
Feels as close to normal as possible! 
It’s more interactive and I have some form of structure . 
I do a STEM degree, so lectures are an important part of learning (ie discussion is great but it's not as applicable as in the humanities). I enjoy live lectures because I can ask questions during them like I would in a conventional class and that really boosts my understanding.
You can do the work on your own time.
Live  classes
Because one has the time to complete the work in their own time without having to be monitored by a teacher - although it depends on the subject such as maths - one needs live classes
Because I can learn at my own pace
I can stop and go over something 
I find it easier to engage in my own time, rather than on a set schedule at home
It’s interactive 
Everything is explained without distractions from the class
More interactive and holds attention better 
Can ask questions in the moment rather than communicating via email which can take time
It has the teacher explaining the content but I can go back if I haven’t fully understood everything 
Less pressure than being in a live class. I can take my time doing my work
It allows to take notes in own styles and learn in ways that suit us after watching the lecture
it means i can do it in my own time 
It is more personal than just being emailed information, but isn’t as much of a high pressure intense situation as a group zoom call would be.
It delivers information in a way that is beneficial in terms of speed of learning and can be referred to after discussions etc
It allows for in depth in understanding 
If there's a set time I'm more motivated to do it 
I learn to manage my time better this way by choosing priorities
Lectures where I can take notes
Idk
Because it allows me and others to ask any questions we have about the work that has been set and it also makes me feel like I am at school and gives me a reason to keep to my usual school schedule.
I can work at my own pace 
There is more interaction 
I get a bit dozy watching videos, and with live chats and zooms you cannot go back if you missed a bit etc
Can do it in my own time 
I can learn at my own pace (pause and research something) and fewer technical difficulties 
possibility to pause/listen again
I can work at my own pace
No social interaction
Can rewind/skip back as needed, can watch more than once
It allows me to organize my work on my own pace and go back to re-listen if needed
It’s the best means of communication 
Socialisation, we don’t have live classes but I wish there was because I think I’d be more motivated
Because I get to rewatch it as many times as I need to fully understand the topic, but it's still being presented to me in a teaching form (my teacher is speaking to me) 
More direct, able to discuss, feels like normal uni
i can manage my own time
Cause, lives classes help you to make a connection with the education you get through your teacher and your classmates . And also makes everything easier because you feel motivated 
Anxiety around video calls
It is most interactive and I actually remember some new material
I can do the work whenever I want and I don’t have to get up early for a live class!
More engaging and interactive 
Live classes and discussion forms cause anxiety, recorded lectures are boring- prefer to do more independent study closer to exam
You can get instant response and feedback 
The communal aspect. 
I like being able to engage with the lecture by asking/answering questions and joining in discussion
It means that if I was busy or working at the time of the lecture I could watch it when it was convenient for me.
Because it is more like a classroom environment where I have direct support from people when working 
I dont like video calling people, it makes me anxious 
It’s the easiest mode to take useful notes from
Easier to understand 
More motivation/pressure to actively participate
I like live classes because I can see the teacher and other students and be actively participating and asking questions.
Content specifically relating to course, can pause / rewind
More room for engagement, easier to stay focused 
Can watch them again  
Topics and concepts are explained but I still have the ability to pause the video to write notes or refer back to it
You are being taught by your teachers but you can also pause, rewind or speed up what is going on
Can do on own time
Gives me a schedule and holds me accountable to actually do the work on time. 
I can access it anytime I want
It maintains the feeling of a “real” offline class while at the same time, it gives me more confidence to participate in class discussions.
It's more engaging and colaborative and gives me the option to ask about what I don't understand right away.
It allows you to send questions immediately 
it is the least anxiety provoking and allows you to work at you’re own pace
I think it is important to discuss with peers- there is lots of detail to learn with my course (medicine) so it is useful to discuss in order to maximise understanding
Can do in your own time and at your own pace 
Because i can watch as many times as i want and study for the assignements by listening the professor over and over again
Because it allows students to attend classes in their own time, especially since we were no longer at physical university so the circumstances that once may have enabled someone to go to a class at a certain time may have changed. Also it’s nice to be able to listen to a lecture again after you’ve reviewed the material yourself to make sure you understand everything or if you’ve missed anything.
Can chat to people on course freely (perhaps whilst the lecturer/seminar leader is speaking?) without any issues with delayed video or audio/pressure.
Feels more like a real lesson
Because you get the material you're working with explained and it isn't just something you have to fully teach it to you yourself. 
So I an interact this my academics and classmates. It gives a sense of 'normality' to the learning process. 
More efficient for me to get my work done on my own  rather than having to go through it at a class pace 
I enjoy the fact that it is so interactive, it feels the closest to actual school!
I find it easier to understand things when i have the ability to discuss them. 
Recorded lectures and watching the teachers fill out the notes and work through problems the same way they would in a physical classroom helps me understand the material better than just reading it on my own or copying a completed note. Even though I can't ask for clarification while the lecture is happening I am able to really take time and go back when I need to. 
Its easy
can interact with the lecturer, similar to a real lecture, scheduled
More engaging 
Online lectures don’t help and the online materials makes it easier to do alone 
Full explanations of content without a set time 
Although my university is in the UK, I am an international student so the time zone is different. 
I can always refer back to them whereas our classes are not recorded so if you didn’t catch what was said then you miss out.
Forces you to pay attention and have routine
More interactive, easier to keep paying attention
Because i can watch it back and listen to it at my own schedule that i plan for myself :)
Most realistic to face-to-face teaching 
I can go at my own pace 
You can easily ask the professor a question if you have one
You can take the lesson at your own pace
Feels more like the real thing and add a bit more visualisation to the learning 
We can freely interact with our teachers to ask questions 
easier to understand if explained personally by your own teacher
Because I don't have to actually ineract with my teachers and I can do the work whenever I want to, as long as I respect the deadline.
Because it is still social and conversational 
It is easy to revise the information, guaranteed that I’ll be able to access it even if my broadband/WiFi isn’t working - it’s excellent in conjunction with occasional zooms/email correspondence 
It holds the opportunity to ask questions or share opinions immediately rather than recorded lectures. 
Zoom calls feel a bit unprofessional and there’s less anxiety with just all the info being on one page without having to speak to people 
You are more engaged when a lecture is live, and much more likely to attend the lecture instead of just having a pre-recorded lecture that you can view at any time.
Recorded lectures allow me to manage my time better than attending live classes. I also exploit the possibility to speed it up or rewind the parts that I don’t understand clearly.
Ideally combined with discussion forums to make up for the lost interactivity
Its kept the same as what we had at uni. At my uni we didn't have discussions or seminars etc just lectures
It’s an easier way to communicate with classmates and teachers. 
Forces you to attend class
Interactive 
I understabd better
They are easy to follow along to and understand. 
Because the teacher and the students can interact and therefore the workload can be altered to manageable amounts. Via Email the teacher has no feeling for the understanding of the class for the subject and the doable workload is overestimated. 
Easier to communicate 
Because it's not that different from classes at Uni
Better explanation 
quizzes and chat with others make the active learning much more efficient and interactive
You can rewind if you missed something, change the speed to what suits you best and I find it easier to learn with a professor explaining something rather than reading uploaded materials 
Because I learn a language, it’s so important to have conversational education. 
i understand everything better 
It’s the most real we can get and I love the interaction and discussion we are able to have
Its way better to understand. 
I am not confident video calling on platforms such as Microsoft Teams etc but I find listening to a lecture is useful.
Knowing that it’s live, and being able to speak to my class mates and my professor at the same time helps me to keep focus.
Because the teacher can explain thing i don't fully understand
It allows students to understand the material on their own (even though it can be a bit much sometimes) and, even though there are exceptions, I have learned more from those assignments/materials than I did during online classes. Also, it truly distinguishes between students who actually try to put in some effort and those who see this as a vacation. (I’m not trying to offend anyone since all of us have different approaches and coping mechanisms and lots of people (including me) can be a mixture of those two in terms of productivity but I tried to stereotype the situation as much as I could to help with your research :))
you can watch it when it suits you and you pause it and watch it again if you need it
You have provided content which you can structure on your own 
Helps you consolidate knowledge and your understanding better
I can get extra information and answers straight away rather than waiting for an email
Able to ask questions which allows me gain a better understanding.
You can fully interact with your teacher and classmates, i find other methods very passive 
I think Zoom meetings are too chaotic but I miss having discussions with my fellow classmates! That’s why I like a discussion board because we are still able to hear each other’s opinions.
Because then we’re able to communicate with teachers and others in the class while learning.
More interactive 
You can ask questions 
We have more interaction with stuff, I think that motivates me more 
I really need the live interaction to ask questions as I learn new concepts. It also provides more structure 
Because it’s most like a classroom 
I can sleep in, pause and rewind whenever I need to 
Your teacher is there with you and you can ask them questions. 
I'm more engaged 
It is easier to manage my time this way when I control how long I take on work
Because it is more interactive 
Engaging and keeps routine to my life.
I can rewatch them and still have a teaching-like experience 
You get to hear from the students and help answer their questions either as a teacher or as a peer
As long as they are supplied with corresponding materials as having someone explain it makes sense
Feels more personal and like an actual classroom
if feels like a normal class and I can’t get distracted 
I find it easier to engage and feel more motivated when I can see my professor and my peers. 
Because it is live and you can ask questions.
Best way of getting information
I would rather see the lecturer teach than watch previously recorded slides with only his/her voice. I think seeing the lecturer and knowing fellow students are logged in watching at the same time makes the lecture more interactive. However, visual PowerPoint slides are a great advantage of previously recorded lectures that I believe should be integrated into online zoom classes. 
It helps to understand the contents but apply them as well
It lets you work at your own pace but you still have the content explained 
I haven't had any class in this way and I have only had core subjects on teams so I haven't completed a number of modules that can't be taught on teams but could be in engaging online classes
better and clearer understanding of learning
This is how our teachers measure our attendance, therefore it encourages me to actually go onto the calls and get the work done. I find with the subject where my teacher doesn’t do online calls, it is the subject I am falling most behind in. 
It’s more interactive than pre-recorded lectures
Would help if my teachers could do this as many students don’t understand the material 
Because it’s hard to understand the assignments and properly do them without instructions or lessons.
Independance to teach myself. Pause rewind etc... Though office hours and assignments are beneficial to solidify my knowledge.
I like to be able to ask questions and get an immediate response from my teacher
I can speak to the proffesors and they do the teaching, as they would in the normal conditions
It makes the classes more interactive. We did have a few classes on Facebook live and I slept throughout them. 
You can interact with teacher like in normal class situation and ask questions
It is most engaging and similar to being in a lecture theatre. It is actually almost better than physical classes as we get the same experience but from our homes.
it is easier to follow and i get distracted less 
Maintaining a connection with your peers and teachers
Active learning and engagement, if content is hard to understand we can ask questions and get a fast response
Convenient, easy to follow, no set times so can be done whenever 
Can ask questions in real-time and do groupwork
Human interaction
I can ask questions and I think it’s a more dynamic way to learn
It allows face to face discussion, lecturing and group discussion all on one platform. 
Because the internet connection isn‘t always good enough for live classes and I like watching it on the time I have time
It's a verry interactive way of learning, since I study on an art academy one of the best things is hearing feedback from classmates and teachers and to be able to discuss things when u are stuck. Also makes it feel like you're together a little bit. 
I need interaction in order to stay motivated
I can interact with other students and the lesson is more dynamic 
More interactive, more interesting and keeps you engaged!
Because I can work at my own pace
For me personally it is the most effective working mode because it definitely provides more freedom as you get to schedule your day/ week on your own terms instead of having to stick to fixed times and dates (as it's the case for live classes etc) 
It has less distractions 
Asking questions
More interactive and social 
Because it allows me to study at my own pace.
I like to be able to listen to the recording at my own pace and go back to things I miss or don’t understand. 
Real time convos, meaning that’s anything I am confused about can be rapidly and directly communicated to my teachers 
It gives me a similar amount of structure as I got from in person classes
Can go through multiple times in case we miss something 
It is very easy to get lost in the feeling of being alone and not being able to communicate with others about school work is awful in the sense of motivation
Possibility to ask questions live and get instant replies. Can immediately explain a not understood topic again before moving on
More direct interaction. 
remember things better when spoken to 
To have questions answered by the teacher. I prefer learning by speech rather than reading.
It is easy as I don't have to be on call with anybody as I am not comfortable with that. 
It goes into more depth about the subject and gives more details

I am able to have discussions about the topics with my classmates as well as the professor!
It goes into more depth about the subject and gives more details

It gives structure to my day rather than uploading a lecture that can be worked through tat any point.
It goes into more depth about the subject and gives more details

I'm able to work through the material in my own time any put the focus where I need it to be 
Best for discussions and brief conversations about the material provided
It helps me keep up with my workload 
It is more interactive and an active learning process in comparison to going through power points on my own which I find harder as it doesn’t feel like I’m retaining the knowledge in the same way. 
I’m very used to the in-person lectures at school & it forces me to fall into a routine. Now, my professors do optional office hours/discussions/chat. I learn better through being in the structured routine of having a live class/lecture at a set time.
It is less lonely and makes me more motivated knowing the rest of my class is online at the same time. 
Easier interaction with teachers
Able to interact with lecturer and other students 
Fewer technical problems and all the information is definitely given
It allows to have some sort of interaction with the teacher
Actual get interaction
I like to have the feeling of being in a normal classroom and to ask quest real time while seeing the response directly and not over message. However I also really like pre recorded videos as they are clearer to follow and can be watched again 
Because this method allows me to work at my own pace
i have an auditory processing disorder so being able to go througb work at my own pace is better for me
I actually prefer keeping the variety and not sticking to just one mode. I chose live classes solely because I feel the most engaged and the ability to ask questions real time has proven to be extremely beneficial.
Apps don't always work on everyone's devices or not everyone is able to afford those devices(laptops with cams etc.)But nearly everyone has a working computer.
Because I can pause a video if I’m struggling with the content & can use my own time management skills to dictate when/where I want to learn. 
More interactive but still flexible with timings
I dont find online classes necessary or helpful 
Much more info
I am able to work through the material at my own pace
in my case the live classes sucked and the teachers only really asked how we where doing. So I’d prefer recorded classes so I can just work through them in my own time and maybe ask questions via chat or video afterwards 
you can ask questions when things are unclear
Because I still have someone explaining things to me, AND I can rewatch moments I didn't properly understand, I can pause to maybe research something I didn't understand, I can work when I have time
allows us to ask questions in real time + have genuine conversation with our lecturers 
There is more interaction between students and the lecturer. 
Engaging 
It feels the most like a classroom discussion, the conversation can flow easier 
Live questions. More engagement. Feel closer to teacher and fellow students. 
I get to watch it comfortably from my home / bed and can rewarch it if necessary. If I dont get around to preparing for a lesson its npt a big deal, I can still listen and make notes. 
I feel it brings a bit more normality to courses and allows for better engagement in the material being taught 
It is easy for the work to be uploaded to the class, then you have the opportunities to ask question whilst independently working 
You can pause the video whenever you need. It allows you to take the time you need to process the content rather than moving on with something you don't understand. You can adjust it to your own tempo and plan it in whenever you want. 
Easier to get feedback, learn with classmates
It’s more flexible and I can go back to the resources as many times as I want 
It allows me to study at my own pace. Even though I do sometimes feel like a live class can help explain things better for me, I like getting a base level of knowledge by myself first. 
Not tied down to a specific time/can organise your own timetable. Also I would find online classes a bit nerve-wracking, and my internet connection is poor.
Own tempo 
The can speed it up 
it would provide more informative support
Easier to look back on and the professors was more comfortable with this as they avoid any technical difficulties they could have encountered with live recordings so the lectures was off better quality 
Conversation is more personal and it means I’m am held accountable to conplete my work.
accountability, not too different from the actual classroom
Allows the content to be understood more deeply, and any questions answered immediately, rather than risking having misunderstandings that could impact the work.  
Its easy and more efficient than normal classes
I prefer recorded lectures as I can take my time to understand and learn slowly in my own pace
I can plan my time better
Less awkward
Gives you a chance to ask questions 
Get to talk to the tutor one on one and ask questions in real time 
Because I can work on it whenever I have time/I want
Enables you to do the work in your own time without distractions 
So you can learn from others and it’s less intimidating than a zoom call
It  enables us to have a more active learning.
Interactive so more easy to be motivated
Interactive so I don’t lose focus and easily can ask questions - and I feel less lonely haha
It’s easy to watch things over and pause when needed
You actually get to talk to your lecturers and ask questions
it gives me the opportunity to ask questions and interact with my teacher. it is the most similar to real life classes
It allows for interaction between the teacher and the students. 
I find it easier to follow as I can pause I write down, being dyslexic I find it very hard to follow along live especially being at home and being surrounded by my siblings 
Can ask questions and engage with the professor in current time 
Microsoft teams allows discussion and chat forums so combines the best features 
I feel more engaged and motivated 
You can ask questions directly and get answers in real time
It was keeping me sane and I was also keeping a contact with my professors and TAs.
You can watch anytime 
Gives students the ability to learn material on their own time and revisit an entire concept without having to be in person. Also, replicates an in-class experience instead of simply uploading notes (auditory element of a lecture)
Makes me feel like I am in a real class, and I can ask questions at real time 
makes me that we are on track and and that everyone is following up
Interactive
More interactive, can ask questions and remember more because of how interactive it is
More interaction and easier to feel motivated
Interactive and engaging
I feel like i can its more personal and we get to contribute more to shaping our own learning and staying engaged
Because of the interaction
I love being able to interact with my classmates and teachers and ask questions when needed! 
it is most like a classroom setting andgives me a better sense of accountability
Free to go through material at my own pace :-) 
Any tipe of live classes (it’s more similar to normal classes, i can participate more) 
Seeing my teacher’s and friends faces makes it feel like I’m in real school instead of some weird forum where work is optional.
I like how the teacher interacts with his students. And it is so much easier to ask a question and get an answer right away instead of waiting for the teacher’s response through an email. 
In my school some teachers are only sending work through emails and others prefer love classes like I do. I think it is really good because we still have that kind of student - teacher relationship as well as the one with the rest of the class and when students participate and ask questions it always help others
As it feels more like being in the classroom
It feels more like a real lecture compared to the other options.
i feel it’s more planned out carefully rather than a live session where the feedback is mostly very hectic although recorded ones lack the immediate conversations, if it’s planned out in detailed, it is more preferable
Because since it is pre recorded you can pause it or rewind it to re-listen to anything you might’ve missed or to take in more detail 
Actually have to attend, creates a routine. I study languages so the practice of them is impossible in a recorded lecture. 
Because at my uni they combine videos with the material as prework and live classes for asking questions and learning to apply the concepts and I find that I learned best on the classes that follow this method 
I like to have the teacher put detail for what we need to be doing and when they are saying it over the phone I don’t have enough time to write things or I might miss something and we all don’t have time to answer the questions and if it’s written or emailed then we are able to communicate on a one to one basis. 
It helps me to stay focused 
I’m able to work through the material at my own pace, knowing that teachers are there to help is needed but mostly trust us to try & get through it on our own first
I like to learn in my own terms without feeling the pressure of other classmates
I haven’t experienced it but it’s closest to a classroom environment 
So that I can ask questions live, when they come in my mind and I get an answer immediately. Also I am forced to participate and can’t push it later 
Because you can ask questions in real time and the teacher can explain things to you.
I can schedule my own time and decide for myself when I'm going to do my schoolwork, even though my classes are very little I still would like that extra freedom and it would also teach me the act of self discipline 
It can force me more to attend and focus but actually our lectures are live and recorded,  so I felt lazy and didn't attend specially that I had hard time coping with the changes, but I think recordings alongside live lectures is good for revision and in case sb had problems with internet  during live lecture.
Because it is flexible for me and they still explain things
Still having some interaction with classmates and a teacher 
You can complete work at your own pace 
More engaging, have to stay alert and involved
Interaction with a teacher and instant answers to questions, more motivating
Because live classes always glitch a lot and they aren't really the same, but I can do recorded lectures at my own pace if my school did them and I can easily ask the teacher if I have any questions by chatting on teams and I don't mind the uploaded material too and then we just hand in our assignment.
More personal and motivating 
Because you can work through it yourself and focus more on the things you don’t understand like doing research on your own, being able to have time for that. If it was conducted in a video format that would not be possible. 
The teachers are able to explain the new topics or share their screen so to let us see any material the find interesting but there is still room for qiestions and discussion
I think through and understand things better when I am given an opportunity to discuss, explain, and ask questions about topics.
means you can do the lesson at any time suitable for you and refer back to it when confused 
I'm able to sit down and practise what I've learn.
It makes it less time consuming.
Less anxiety provoking 
Can be referred back to at any time 
More discussion, actually get to see people
I get to interact with my teachers! Everyone talks about missing their classmates, but I miss my teachers. I saw my favorites more than my parents during the school year and miss them a lot. 
it’s closest to what i’m used to
More interactive 
Can pause to get all the information needed
It allows you to communicated with people on a more personal level. Makes getting invested in classes easier. 
You can talk to your teacher 
Opportunity to ask questions on the spot 
The fact that the timing is completely in my own control, makes watching them a very intentional decision. Because of that I pay much more attention. Furthermore I can pause and replay them as much as I want which makes sure I don’t miss out on any important information. 
you get to discuss and interact and ask for help - my school isn’t currently doing this 😢 
Interaction
Easier to work through in my own time 
It allows communication between myself and the teacher as well as other students 
Just so it is easier to understand 
I can listen again if I have not understood something or took notes on a quotes source. It's also super helpful to structure my summaries because I can pause when listening a second time.
In this way, although the lecture might go faster than in other ways, there is room for discussion and questions can be asked, so that students can get direct feedback whilst learning their content
I dont have to spend time talking to others and can focus on the work I need to do easily, it's also less complicated. 
Easier to understand content as you are going through it real time and feels more like classroom style teaching 
Live classes offer more engagement and ability to ask questions in the moment. This was vital for finance and accounting based courses.
Questions answered as I think of them 
Flexible time Management. 
gmeet 
Because you can rewatch it if not understood or go at your own pace by pausing and resuming to take notes, stop to think, etc.
Easier to explain my doubts
I can listen to the lecture anytime I want to and I can review it more than one time if I didn’t catch some information
Can pause and go back if I miss something
Because i can do it in my own time, without the anxiety of a zoom  call
It alleviates pressure and procrastination
it promotes more engagement and ensures we know exactly what we’re doing and can ask questions
Would be able to ask questions if I get stuck
More interactive get to hear people’s ideas more like actually class
Ability to pause and allows for understanding and more detailed notes 
Active learning and still engaging with professors and peers
I like having real interactions and discussions
Because our teacher explains us the course material in the same way as if we were at School an we can ask our questions directly
Can work at your own pace. Can pause if you don’t understand something. Can work whenever you like without.
Because you can actively ask teachers questions and get responds quickly 
Can pause and rewind 
Having live classes online kept some form of routine as of I was going to college. Although there were positives out of the pre-recorded lectures, they often allowed me to work when I chose. I must say I can put things on the long finger and get easily distracted unless kept to a routine. So the live classes allowed for that.
It is easier to learn when you’re actually talking to someone and going through the material together
I can engage with the material and ask questions as they arise and not after.
I rarely have online classes but when I do, I find them engaging
Connection to other students and the instructor
You can easily stop the video. It is easier to understand it. 
Allows me to actually interact with the professors as most of the recorded lectures are from pervious years 
You yourself choose when to do it as long as it is done before the deadline. I'm always able to contact the instructors via phone or email if I need to.
Easy to follow whenever I feel like it. 
Because I can organize my time in a more efficient way, I can take notes better and if I have problem I can ask the professors at any time
Can study the way I learn best
easier to learn the topic when it is explained so i don’t have to teach myself 
It resembles most the classes we had before the pandemic situation 
It is helpful for them to explain fully instead of just being given a textbook and notes to take 
More motivation to actually do the work because discussions hold me accountable. 
I have all the resources needed for my work at my disposal and I am not constricted to any time periods within which I have to be online for and thus cannot do any other work 
No choice of procrastination if watching recorded lectures then 
More direct contact with experts - I can get into the material more easily.
Feels closest to normal
Because I can look through at my own pace.
It gives a break from reading, and allowed for "passive learning" for a moment. In lectures professors will often phrase or explain consepts in a more oral, and often times more understand way.
You can rewind
I can ask questions in real time while the professor is explaining.
I feel like I learn most from human interaction rather than textbooks
This is our only method 🤷‍♀️
I get easily distracted in a live lecture when conducted online 
It means that I can do the lectures in my own time and i find this the easiest to follow
because it is so much easier and faster to understand (at least) the gist of a lesson when on zoom
The explanation is clearer than on a typed document, it feels closest to normal education in the classroom, it is familiar, I can focus on it better.
I can get the work done on my own schedule 
I can get as close to a normal lesson as possible. I can interact with the teacher and the rest of the class(or those who turn up) and I benefit from other students questions that I may nt have thought to ask.
Recorded lectures allow you to go back over content you have missed/helps to understand in more detail.
Helps me to understand better
Because it's very difficult to teach yourself content
Can access it at whatever time I want
More interactive and makes me engage better 
Means I actually have to do it because I am on a call
I work better in engaging settings because I get easily distracted especially when I am at home.
The accessibility when it is flexible to you, when you’re studying your undergrad but also committed to other training etc. It is much easier to access.
Ask questions and have the teacher explaining in a way that would normally make sense in the classroom 
I like to have time to consider what is being said and having the flexibility to rewind parts.
It easier to understand the topic and ask questions about the topic 
the ability to rewind and listen to explanations over is really helpful, and it’s generally more detailed than if the slides are given alone
More straight to the point 
I can ask questions directly to the teacher
Doing class live felt the most familiar to me because it felt like I was in the classroom.
Most similar to normal school classes
You can watch lecture in your own time
Faster and easier to learn the program.
You can manage your time more efficiently 
Because I need to be there at a certain time which gives me structure in my day. On top of that it gives the great opportunity to ask questions live and get to hear the questions of everbody else. 
It is much easier for me to stay organised and keep all of the uploaded materials organised 
It’s the best way to get a discussion going and is more time efficient as classes are conducted at the regular time forcing some normality upon students (at the beginning it was quite hard with all the emotional turmoil but as the days went by we needed some of our regular/ old life back)
It’s easier to ask questions right away rather than texting my lecturers 
Live classes would be a lot more productive and motivate me to do more with the material, like real life lectures usually do
Because I think that way will make me postpone watching the lectures less
Able to easily ask questions 
More interactive, got a reason to get out of bed in the morning, a chance to actually talk to someone (as i live alone) 
Having live meetings keeps me accountable and more engaged in class. If the lecture is recorded I can push it off until another time but if it’s in real time I need to go and be present. 
Gives some of my friends who aren’t socially confident the chance to feel comfortable when giving input 
Work at own pace
Because I can ask questions and interact with my classmates and teacher
It’s easier to ask questions as they arise rather than note them down after the recorded lecture.
It allows you to talk directly to your lecturers, the closest thing to real uni
More engagement and better able to answer questions
We can interact with the teacher directly and ask questions as soon as we have some, which is not the case for recorded lectures
I chose live classes because all students get engaged with the teacher, they will also have an easier time asking questions.
Interaction with professors
You’re held more accountable to turn up and not be lazy about it. Also helps to maintain a uni-like structure 
I study history and a big part of 'normal' classes is the discussion of our literature with classmates and the professors. This is somewhat possible in live classes 
the freedom of organising your day however you like it is quite refreshing
The teacher can explain concepts. Students can interact, ask questions and do group work
It’s easier to ask question and make sure that you understand the work set.
You can repeat passages or rewatch the whole lecture
It’s easier to engage with the professor and ask questions directly. However, most of my classes are seminars. For lectures I prefer recorded videos.
Allows for questions to be asked 
More interaction. It also creates a routine to my day. Uploads I can do whenever 
It's easier to participate and ask questions.
I can watch it whenever I want to. 
It is good to see all my fellow cohort and is more engaging and motivates me to continue learning. 
Would give me more incentive to work
Feels more like school. Able to ask questions with a quick response. 
It's more interactiv 
Because I’m able to actually see and talk to people from outside of my household and it’s more engaging than just being sent an email or message
It is easier to understand concepts
I’m a visual learner 
I think it’s more beneficial to be able to ask teachers questions and more like a classroom setting 
Because it allows me to work more at my own pace.
Because  I can control the moment to watch it and I can stop it whenever I want to check an info or for my personal notes 
The discussion is much more interesting than the lectures
I do some spanish classes so live classes are the only way to practice speaking with the other members of the class.
Videocalls are a waste of my time we don’t learn anything
You can do everything on your own pace and xatch back certain segments. 
Because it takes less time than the actual lesson and you decide when you do it. The lessons take up a lot of time
Because I am less pressured compared to live classes. I can process the tasks alone and deliberately tackle them in accordance to my own strategies as long as I submit accordingly on the deadline. 
I find that by discussing ideas with peers it helps me to consolidate the information more. 
Most interactive and gives you the most valuable experience closest to what you would normally experience. I feel like engagement is easier to measure and focus’s my attention more than recorded lectures
Interactive
It is way more engaging 
Because I am a Fine Art student meaning online teaching is very hard and anything other than a discussion wouldn’t be valuable to my education
We had some live classes but the teachers didn’t really teach in them they were just there to answer any questions about the work we had been set so I prefer uploaded/emailed material because it allowed me to get on with my work without wasting time on a call
Easily able to interact and ask questions. 
Because you can follow the content at preferred amount of time while it is personally presented and discussed by the professor, thats a good way of learning for the lecture classes. 
Purely because you have a chance to speak to a  tutor directly 
Because I love to be engaged in a conversation and discussion which is for me the best form of learning.
You can engage with the professor 
I am able to pause lessons and go back to make notes if necessary. I prefer having written and auditory information. 
It works around when I have time to do things/ doesn’t require me to be at a desk at a certain specific time
If I have questions needing to be answered there is an immediate response 
It’s easier to ask any questions 
As it requires constant attention 
Live classes gives the students the opportunity to ask questions and request additional explanation when needed. Although I think that a mix between live classes and recorded lectures works as well.
Because it’s live you’re gonna ask more questions and also it feels like I’m in class with everyone which I love
Because I can do it at my own speed
More interactive, forces participation 
I can talk to people if I need help, but there is no obligation to talk
interactions with other students and teacher
I can ask live questions and things can be explained if we don’t understand. You can ask them to slow down/speed up
So I can come back and watch it again and I don’t have to be there watching where I become really disengaged 
More interactive and makes me have to go the work
We got to watch the lectures that were recorded last year, but to me it feels like the lecturer spent less time on the course. However, we got to ask questions during GTA sessions which made it more personal too.
Less awkwardness that surrounds online classes
Still interactive
Live classes give me anxiety, so recorded videos are the best option for me.
Able to ask lecturers questions straight away
Can benefit from other students contributions 
Raises morale 
Being able to ask questions and get answers right away
The ability to rewind and take in a lecture at my own pace. 
Being able to interact with professors makes all the difference for me. 
It's the easiest way to understand things
even though i’m currently being given email and worksheet like material i would prefer to pursue to online classes. they are much more efficient as you can do question when you do not understand bits of the work.
As the lecture is explained well in a vid and i can pause anytime to listen again. The internet can be adjusted unlike the zoom meetings where it could be unstable

Vital for understanding, need to be able to ask questions in real time and hear the explanation.
It’s because I would actually be taught what I’m trying to learn by a teacher rather than me attempting to understand it and teaching myself
I find it more engaging and also is a lot easier to ask questions instead of emailing back and forth which can take a while 
can get it done when i want and at my own pace
I am able to ask my professor questions in real time while they are going through the material rather than having to email them after watching a pre-recorded lecture.
More interactive that other types
Easier to stay on top of my work
More interaction and engagement - also keeps the social interaction aspect of class 
My subject is practical and I get to dance and see and still learn without a studio 
It allows to ask questions in the lesson itself, more interactive 
can watch at a time that suits you 
It is more interactive and made me feel included and part of a team. 
we can answer in our own time, but still get feedback from lecturer and read what other people think as well
It is more personal and it is easier to ask questions and get involved.
It gives me more freedom in learning and tailoring my own study timings and creating a flexible system that works for me 
So I can work through the material at my own pace 
Allows similar contact with teachers and is more interactive
More interactive/ engaging
I feel there’s a limited amount that a teacher can do and help in an online lesson which is why I prefer getting to grips with emailed/uploaded material
It's very similar to usual classes and u can ask the  teacher directly hence they can understand ur question clearer and respond in full detail .Whereas other in modes you can't ask them or there's a higher chance of misunderstanding what the other person is saying or not understand at all. 
It leaves me with more independence to complete the work on my own timescale
Interact with teachers
In my opinion you will learn more
Live calls encourages more engagement with the content. 
Because you can actually interact with each other and ask questions - much more personable
I find it easier to stay focused this way
struggling to teach myself 
I find it more engaging 
It gives my days structure: if there is class at 9am I have to be up at 9am to join and cannot sleep in.
In this mode I am able to pause the video or go back when I didn’t understand something. In this way I don’t have to go over my notes and write them neatly after the lesson, but can do it while working on the video.
It is more interesting with less technical difficulties
Makes it similar to in person lectures that I’m used to 
I feel as if it gives me a better understanding of the topic.
it’s easier to ask my teachers questions and get answers to things that i’m struggling with. 
I find it easier to understand concepts and engage with the material when having interaction with other students and my lecturer. Particularly in subjects such as science when it can be very complex. 
I think where it is all so new when we have had ‘live’ stuff it has just not be very well prepared- whereas recorded lectures seem much more like normal reality for me as all our lectures are recorded any way 
Easier to understand when someone is talking through it 
Because being in a zoom meeting replicates the classroom environment the most
Can watch in your own time- more information.
Because it is easier to understand the content we are supposed to be learning, in discussions.
Most interactive and engaging 
More interactive and explanations are a lot easier to follow 
Live is more interactive than pre-recorded
because participating in the lesson helps me remember more content after
It’s easier and can be funnier
Means I am not going to forget or miss the session
I’d be forced to wake up early and attend . It creates a healthy routine . Less procrastination.
More interaction, possibility to ask questions 
It means I am able to ask the teacher questions and they can explain it in different ways if more of us don’t understand a concept. It also gives the class a chance to stay connected when we are all apart which I really love
Can complete the class in your own time
Can do it in my own time and routine 
Less lonely and more engaging 
I am able to work in my own pace.
Closest thing to face to face teaching 
Engage more with content, ability to ask questions, seeing course mates.
It's motivates me because I actually have to be there and I can ask questions
More interactive with the teacher rather than just Emailing back and forth 
Our classes arent very interactive, so its nice just being avle to watch the lecture when it fits best. Seminars on the otherhand are great with live classes!
It's easier to take notes during recorded lectures and rewatch them
You can interact face-to-face with the teacher, ask questions and make the class feel as a real one.

So I can review it again if there is a distraction or I lose connection 
Much more engaging and esiaer to concentrate and take more out of the lecture.
You get to interact with your class, you can see and hear them and it‘s the closest thing to normal classes.
Because it makes you engage and feels the most normal 
Interactivity
Because i’m concentrate easily with that model, while i got live classes. i’m get lose more fast with question of another people
More interactive and engaging
Can do in own time and pause to work through
I like watching videos and making notes- the visual representation helps with my understanding 
More personal interaction and can offer more guidance 
Because the student will have enough time to focus on what's the prof saying and therefore ask meaningful questions ,  live classes are similar to a classroom where we often think we understood all of the concepts but when we revise them,  we find that we lack a lot of deep understanding
You can go at your own pace and do your own kinda thing 
There is an ability to interact with the teacher and other students. 
Can be rewatched at a time that suits rather than interrupting my study schedule with a live class
It still provides the structure of having classes at a specified time, whereas pre-recorded lectures require me to structure my own time which I find more difficult. 
It's very helpful to be able to ask the teacher questions directly!
Makes me able to pause the video to think and write if needed. 
It’s the closest to a real class environment and I like the discussion and feedback elements of learning which you can’t get from emails with worksheet attachments. 
more interactive 
It brings more structure in day-to-day life and allows interaction. Although my own attitude is rather passive, it still feels more like an collaboration rather than a talking encyclopedia.
More engaging, more interactive, makes you concentrate, help from other people 
Because eit allows you to interact with the instructor and immediately ask question when  you need to
It feels the most similar to being in an actual lecture to me and I can go at my own pace - as opposed to the obligations of zoom classes 
Can make notes and listen on your own time. And I can slow things down or go back when I need to 
I can take my time and not feel stressed about taking notes under pressure
Allows me to communicate easily with teachers as I can ask questions and receive an immediate response and it’s the most similar to a class at sixth form 
So that I can learn like normal (or as close to) as uploaded materials can take hours more than needed
Live questions and answers 
Interaction of content, but must be used with pre-prepared material
Live classes are more interesting and I get less distracted.
It feels more independent and allows me to chose how I dedicate my time to studies during lockdown 
It’s easy to follow and you can ask the teacher if you have a question. 
I can fit in my work with my day and it makes things easier to prioritise as opposed to being fixed to being online for a certain time which may not always be appropriate/available to me. 
More interactive and able to communicate more easily.
Convenient if you have other priorities 
I can complete in my own time 
I feel like I learned a lot more by having to work through it in my own time without the pressure of sitting in live lectures all day.
The live classes helped me stay motivated and engaged with the material. I found that if I wasn’t being forced to pay attention, I often didn’t and would simply do the assignment just to complete the course and not learn anything. 
accesibility 
Because I can do the work around family life. Doing the work when it suits me best rather than sticking to a timetable in college. 
you are able to rewatch it and in a Recorder lecture you can listen and read = more sense are used
It is more engaging, I still have a structured day 
Because it gives you the foundation to go and find resources or information yourself without having to rely on group work or contribution in an online seminar
you gat immediate responses to any questions you have 
feel like i actually have to do the work instead of putting it off for ages
I can pause the video any time and then skip things or revise other topics again easily
More comprehensive information, can always email the lecturers any questions, inclusive to those in different time zones
This is actually the only mode my school is using ,and I can ask questions directly to my professor 
Because I get to refer back to them later and complete work rather than be sat listening to a teacher 
It eliminates time zone issues but still allows the instructor to talk with students. Written out instructions can be harder to understand. 
It allows me to work at my own pace without pressure of contributing but if I have a question I can always email the teacher.
Less chance of tech issues
Feel it is more insightful and relevant to the topics, I have one teacher that follows this method and feel like my knowledge is more secure than in my other subjects as a result 
You can create a connection with your teachers and ask questions. And it’s the most similar mode to common classes
As much as interaction is important in a time like this is, myself and other students don’t enjoy the idea of being on screen with other classmates and our lecturers. This is the personal preference for many in my course as it also allows us to study/learn when the time is right for us also.
It is quite easy, to use things such as zoom. But I often find it a waste of my time. I would much rather just be told my assignment in a paragraph form.
Live courses
Easy to follow 
Closest to being a real teaching setting
More interaction with other students and teachers + more social connection
It likes having instant feedback if I had a question and just liked communicating face to face 
Can engage in conversation with other students and the teacher. Recorded lectures are often from the 2018-19 academic year
More interaction with the teacher/professor and it's more engaging 
Zoom isn’t always productive people can be more shy that they usually would in a seminar.
Interactive and at a set time
Interaction with teachers and other students, ability to speak and ask questions in real time, even if everyone is working on an assignment
Can go at my own pace 
The interactive nature of this means that I am able to ask questions when they arise.
As my online lecture/videos are online and aren’t live I’m able to choose when I want to watch a video and take notes. This is preferable as being at home means I get so much more distracted than at uni so being able to work around my day and plan when I want to watch lectures is perfect for me.
We can use live chat at the same time and get instant feedback 
It allows for interaction with professors and other students, its almost as normal as being in a classroom
More interactive and engaging
Because I get to express my opinion and it’s easier to boost my grade this way
It's interactive 
No pressure for timing, you learn in your own time 
Convenient if you have other priorities 
i am more of a hands on learner and watching recorded videos is somewhat helpful but having the professor explain, me being able to ask questions on the spot, and see and hear what he is doing helps more than a video
Because you Can ask questions and communicatie with classmates 
I’m not very good at scheduling myself, so I like the fact that somene else has made a timetable for me!
More engaging
Ability to pause to make sure you can understand the content
More interactive with teacher, makes me more engaged and I understand content and can ask questions on stuff if unsure
Allows me to engage with teacher and other pupils.
Most similar to in person lectures
Gives me time to pause, take good notes and check the book
To send in assignments via E-Mail 
It’s just like before Covid but with a screen between everyone. It also gives me the chance to ask questions immediately.
This is so that live discussions and better communication can happen.
Can do at anytime
No time constraint and simple to complete
I think interaction with teachers and fellow classmates/friends is a crucial factor in learning, and with schools being closed during the pandemic, replicating this interaction via live classes and video chats, for me, maintains the level of interest in the subject itself, and any questions or queries can be answered immediately as oppose to waiting for an emailed response:) x
Opportunity to ask questions/clarify things from recorded lectures. Insight into how to answer exams
Due to time differences between the students in my classes, I find that many people are inactive during live lectures/seminars. I have found a combination of the two the most affective: a recorded lecture when possible and a short live discussion.
It is far more engaging when I can actually interact with my professor in real time, face-to-face. 
It easier to learn through interaction, you can ask questions etc
Easily understandable
Live speaking is better
I like to interact with the teachers. They can help you with difficulties when needed.
Get to directly ask my supervisor questions 
As you can ask questions and seek explanations in real time
The instructions are clear and it is the closest thing to a normal lesson, without any technical issues.
It's easier so ask questions and have them answered in real time during a lecture
Everybody gets a chance to say something 
You can watch it multiple times
Best to focus
Allows interaction, but not face to face on camera at a certain time that might not work with time zones. 
It's awkward having live interactions with teachers
I have my teacher there to fully explain each concept but I can go at my own pace and speed up or rewind the video as needed. 
You can do the work in your own time. I feel like you are learning more - processing a larger quantity of information 
I do not like the time constraints of calls or discussion boards in this hectic time
Otherwise I will not concentrate on the other modes nor use them well. Doing the live classes means I have to be present. Also gives some routine a reason to get out of bed.
it is effektiv but not as time consuming as the other methods, in comparison to e.g. Chats it is also fair for studuents with slow internet who cant participate in the discussions properly
you can still hear the teacher explaining the material and can ask questions 
I can access recorded lectures anytime so will not set sufficient time to actually listen to them whereas live classes are set at specific times so I can organise my time better. Also I can have discussions with the professor in live classes.
I’m getting the experience of being taught but also being able to access it at my own time
There is less pressure
More like in class
Very Interactive. Teachers can also record the call to post it later for those who werent able to join or so we can watch it again. 
It is interactive and offers the possibility to ask questions. It is also the closest to actual classes and gives the feeling of being with other students instead of studying completely on your own. 
I can work at my own pace 
Means I can customise my own learning and do it at my own pace - I get the most out of what I am given, with time to do extra opportunities for uni applications.
We haven't had anything different for me to gain another preference, but we have had record lectures since the beginning of my degree (I’m a second year) and they work really well as you can pause the lecture and speed up/skip anything you want, our lecturers are also always available to email in a question you have from the lecture 
I can followed them at any hour of the day. I am kind of a night person
Because I feel like I can engage the most with people + it's not as invisible, so I 'have' to do my work
Ask live questions
Strict routine/ more similar to normal teaching
It could be a sufficient and interactive way to replace the face to face lessons, as the teacher can show the class material while explaining at the same time. 
Live classes are my preferred mode of teaching because discussions and questions are possible - I feel like I understand more of the topic. Also I am much more motivated to actually prepare for the class if I have live classes.
we only have uploaded videos but i’d prefer some form of live teaching to be able to ask live time about the lesson
I would prefer if my school did live classes 
Interact more 
I am able to ask questions whilst the content is being taught meaning that I am less likely to be confused when it comes to any work given to us. It also allows students to still give presentations, participate in group work etc which I really enjoy as it allows me to look at the information in a different way compared to exam questions for example.
I feel it can be more accessible (as with internet connection, it is neccesary but not as much as in live classes) and it also gives more space for the students to revise the materials in their own way, it is more flexible and less heavy than sitting two hours listening to a person
Forces me to actually watch the lecture, gives structure, etc
It feels like you’re in the lesson because you can hear your teacher’s voice and ask any questions right then and there as opposed to doing the set work independently
More engaging, less easily distracted
I find that recorded lectures are best for me because I can study at my own pace, any time of the day and I can pause the recording/video if I don’t understand something and search for answers somewhere else.
i can pause the video if i don't understant the concept or if i'm taking notes
I find it easier as I prefer more independent study.
Best way to manage my time 
It’s  the easiest way to help understand the work because you can review it as many times as you like 
It feels more personal and I would like to try it as uploaded work feels more lonely 
You can rewatch it
You can watch at your own pace so you actually learn more 
Keeps my attention, and gives a feel of social contact and interaction to an extent 
Because I don’t always have the opportunity to watch live classes
Too scared to ask questions 
So that i can watch it and take notes at my own pace
Easier to engage 
emailed materials 
I can go at my own pace while not feeling the pressure of answering in a live class. I can ask questions via email to my teacher without feeling nervous or embarrassed.
It's much more interactive, we can connect and communicate with our teachers/classmates
Because I can watch it faster and whenever I want to
Interaction , instant replies
It means I can work through them in my own time and at a pace where it doesn't overwhelm me.
Work at own pace 
Asking questions and getting the answers explained ‘in person’ leads to having a much better understanding of the topic.
More interactive and allows to ask questions
You can watch it whenever you want and the teacher can explain the topics in depth.
More engagement and easier to ask questions
The lecturer can explain further on questions
Being able to talk directly with the teacher and students in the call would be very similar to how it worked when we were in the classroom, be more time efficient when it came to not understanding the content and make things seem more normal. 
Your learning is independent and can be suited to fit around whatever your at-home situation is.
More engagement and easier to clarify information 
I can do it in my own time
Can plan my time and when I want to do everything.
I don’t want to be live with my class because I’m so stressed about being called on that I don’t actually learn anything so by having a recorded lecture I can actually learn at my own pace without the stress of being live.
It allows for me to be able to access the materials at a time that is most suitable to me. I think this really caters to students with learning disabilities or caring duties that find it difficult to attend live classes. I also think the ability to pause and go back over materials as many times as needed is a big advantage. I find the flow of lectures extremely fast pased and struggle to keep up with the information, so this mode of learning is perfect. 
Closest to being taught by someone but without the distractions of a live class
Engaging, a certain time to do the work
It's the most similar to normal classes so it was the easy to adapt in this situation
It’s more interactive and provides the needed social interaction through the lockdown 
You can ask questions while the lecture is ongoing.
I think I can better understand the topic when it's explained by our professor as in "live class", especially if it is a new subject which we didn't cover yet.
Allows for discussion and new information
It’s really easy to follow
You can interact with the teachers as if you were in the physical lecture
It feels like I’m actually in a lesson and forces me to be productive
More interaction with the professor and other classmates 
Because it's easier for me to concentrate on studying when I have things to read instead of listen to. Also, live classes are hard at home, most of the time there's something happening around which makes it even harder to concentrate. So it's easier if I can just choose the times I study.
As learning at home is a very different environment to learning in college, it takes a longer amount of time for me to actually understand the work and complete the tasks and so emailing them upon completion is much easier and also due to my home environment it would be hard to sit there and be involved in a live virtual class for example.
I find it easier to follow. It also stops me from getting as distracted. 
I study a very practical and collaborative course
Because I can study at the time that I want to study
I believe recorded lectures allow an individual to view and learn at their own schedule. As a high schooler who also prepares for independent uni exams (for a drama theatre degree), I found it difficult to reconcile both studies. Ex. my morning ballet classes would overlap with my APs.  What's more, having some lectures recorded would help in revision or understanding the topic better after watching it multiple times. Having access to those and being able to communicate with the professors for ex. on chats, would be my preferred mode.
It delivers the facts in a direct way.
have a teacher to explain everything, but have flexibility to structure your day as you want which you can't do with live classes
Allows for the best engagement and an opportunity to ask questions etc. It is as close to the learning pre covid. Additionally, it is the most productive, in fact, more so than the situation pre covid and in person learning/face to face teaching 
Much more engaging, ability to ask questions 
Can do it in my own time
Better engagement, requires you to stay more engaged.
Recorded lectures allow more flexibility. They can be paused, re-winded. Zoom is closer to a classroom experience but just feels unnatural and has similar disadvantages to real life teaching (such as not being able to look back on it if it’s not recorded etc). 
Most similar to face to face teaching without the pressure of being live on a call
When it’s live you have to do be in front of your computer and you can’t postpone the lesson. It keeps me more motivated. Because now I left everything until the very last moment and need to do everything in a few days to be ready to study it by heart.
feels the most like school and the material is best understandable with an explanation 
Flexible, works with my schedule
Because it allows for time to explain the material, ask questions and clarifications as well as discuss among the class. 
The ability to work whenever I want without having to be in class when I have other assignments to get done. 
Can talk to tutors 
Because it allows me to take the best notes and learn the most from the course.
I can study at a time I prefer the most. Also when doing homework and assingments, it is easier to find help to those from lecture notes or other uploaded materials rather than from live or video lectures.
Because I'm with my family at home and during live classes I can't  participate properly in the classes because of the noise 
Allows to have your own schedule specifically if you have other responsibilities 
Because you can do it whenever you want
Can ask questions directly, and generally things are explained better than just notes.
I can watch whenever I want and can organize myself much better
most engaging 
Recreates the experience of tutorials better 
I found live online classes to be very stressful, as there were many factors that could go wrong, I.e WiFi issues,running out of battery, or getting interrupted 
I think I would engage in the work more
Actually it’s a mixture of life classes and recorded lectures. The best classes so far have been those that offer recorded videos to teach the content, offer practice sheets and then follow up with a weekly meeting to answer questions or go into more depth
Hard to keep concentration in live classes
It’s way more personable and easier for students to receive instruction. It’s the closest to normal in person classes.
For online lessons i feel like I have to sit there and listen for the entire duration of the lesson and so I therefor actually do the work but when teachers only upload work and questions I never bother doing them 
It resembles the traditional seminar to the best it can
It creates a sense of engagement and you don't feel like a "working machine" 
It wouldn't lag and I can always refer back to the lesson 
I feel like we would be able to interact with lecturers more and ask questions as we haven’t had any online seminars so we’ve only been able to ask questions through email which takes 3 working days for a reply.
More interactive and it doesn’t make it as easy to switch off and get distracted 
It is the most engaging and helpful 
I’m able to have a similar experience to an actual lecture but at the convince of always having access. 
Can take my time
More engagement 
I think this is most similar to the physical classes: you feel quite engaged (depends on teacher and course), you can immediately get answers to your questions, you can join discussions and learn from what other people are saying/ asking.
I can go back and check if I have any doubt
This would be my preferred mode in combination with emailed materials because this is the best way to discuss 
Because it is closest to an actual class- my uni has currently just emailed us signposting reading already there rather than doing something to compensate the classes we’ve missed.
Because it is the most similar to a “normal” class and you can clear your doubts and get feedback from the teacher
Can ask questions, real time feedback
I can keep a " normal" study rhythm and adk questions directly, I love discussions
It’s easier to motivate myself to do it, feels like I’m not alone in doing it and you get Instant feedback from teachers and other students 
live interaction with the lecturer
I can listen to the audio more than once, there is enough time to make notes and professors make sure that we can ask questions.
It would be more easier to follow and I can ask questions on the topics I don’t understand 
I can understand better what we're learning as it is explained
Because it's funny
It gives me a chance to receive immediate feedback and contact with another human being. It also gives more structure to my week. My classes are pretty much 50% live and 50% uploaded materials+assignments, and the latter are definitely more stressing because I have to organize my time on my own and it feels like I'm learning less because it's mostly just me answering questions and writing essays.
More interactive and I’m more engaged with the learning. 
I can organize my own schedule and rewatch the topics that I find most difficult
I personally like having someone who explains things and also gives some background information (if asked) 
Forces me to interact with material; less likely to procrastinate
You can go through material at your own pace
Gives most opportunity for interaction with teacher and class
Makes me keep to a schedule 
Easy to access when you want
You can actually still talk to the teachers and not have to wait a week+ for a reply to an email
I find it’s more interactive and I am able to communicate my questions in a more detailed level with my teachers. I also feel it replicates a natural classroom environment the most. 
Easier to understand and ask questions 
I can decide on the amount and time I want to work on my assignments. 
It's easy and comfortable 
Most interactive and interesting 
We get to do work in our own time
It requires students to study and understand the material beforehand then coming to the discussion and have the professor and other classmates fill the gaps in the knowledge.  
Because it explains it better without having the pressure or awkwardness of live chats
because i could watch the classes at anytime and whenever i was free, however with online live classes i had to be awake everyday by 7:30 am in order to attend them on time.
Because I can learn at my own pace and replay the parts I find most difficult
Being able to interact and ask questions instantly rather than being all on your own 
Because it gives me a schedule
I find myself to be more productive as there is less time to chat and faf about. 
Interactive, see the person
Because when it comes to live sessions sometimes I do not feel motivated whereas finding my own time to watch is better.
I learn most efficiently when I’m on my own and at my own speed
Because I have enough time to understand everything and I can pause whenever I want
It takes a while to hear from staff and this would be a faster way to clarify any concerns.
Allows you to engage with others and also forces you into a routine 
Because it gives me time to learn at my own pace and to stop and go back if I am distracted during the first attempt of watching it.
I find it hard to concentrate and stay motivated in a livestream where the the doctor reads a PP
Live interaction, being able to engage in real time
It’s more direct and engaging (mimics in person the most)
It’s the most like normal school
Most interactive
It allows you to go back and review the material and work at your own pace 
Allows me to ask questions more easily 
Less technical glitches and as students mostly get talked at rather than interact with their professor in my uni, I think the recorded lectures are super handy to pause and write notes at my own pace!
Because you have to be listening all the time as teachers can ask you questions that you need to answer and less easy to get distracted and more interesting and easier to understand content!! whereas if they’ve emailed you the work you can do it in your own time and have breaks easily and difficult to teach yourself. 
Emails 
I can go through the lecture at my own pace, pause, etc. If I have any questions, I can always email my professor and ask for an individual tutorship
You’re held accountable - you need to join at a specific time and contribute orally to discussions. It’s very easy to put off looking at uploaded resources so this makes sure I do work!
My school offers no other choices except emailed work for my subjects.
because I could feel more comfortable as well as learning almost as if in my normal environment (in-person).
It allows me to interact with my professors more freely and to gain a better understanding of the material being taught
I think that videos teaching a lesson would be helpful, even if they are short, so it could further explain what we are doing and what is required of us. Especially in subjects like math. 
It keeps me accountable and I am able to ask questions in real time. 
I can then easily divide my time the way I want to
I can take notes at my speed, pause things, re watch things if I did not understand the concept the first time
It's possible to pause and relisten or do extra research in parts that I don't understand or need more information on.
I think is the closest substitute to physical lectures
You can work with the emailed material at your own pace. 
They allow for a lot of flexibility but they are not as interactive as live classes. On the other hand, they are great for lectures where many people participate in
Because I can pause the video when I want, to take notes and If I didn't understand something or hear it, then I can replay it.
I am able to ask questions I have at the time and have an immediate response, unlike when getting work then emailing for a response.
It feels most similar to usual classes and also is more interactive. In isolation it’s also a really nice social gathering and we can ask questions if we need to.
It gives more structure to my day and reflects 'normal' uni life. 
I can take notes at my own pace, it seems more personal (like teachers still care)
This method ensures that I am being present and active during my classes
You can’t skip through the content, you have to sit there for whoeber long the class is
Allows me to listen to music while studying, I don’t need to watch a lecture and can instead have it in note form.
I feel uncomfortable being on a video call with my class/ teacher
Because I can stop the video, listen to sth again and watch it whenever I want
Because the material is explained in a better way and if you have a question you can ask it and get a response right away
As I can follow at my own pace and can skip ahead if I feel I understand or I can pause to copy down examples/try and understand more, while still having it explained by my lecturer (instead of just using the notes). I cannot fully say whether I would prefer live classes as I only have 1 zoom session a week for 1 course, as not everyone at our university has equal access to data (even though all students have been provided with data, live sessions use up a lot more data than typed notes or video transcripts) and not everyone has working/living conditions where they can access a session at a specific time. This means that we are provided with typed notes and the recorded lectures are optional, but it makes it hard for me to decern whether I prefer live sessions due to the fact that our university doesn't recommend their usage.
Because it’s just like being in an lecture and it’s recorded so can pause and play 
I like to be able to do it in my own time. 
More interactive 
I’m more flexible with my job in a supermarket 
Although they are live all students are on mute and no video so it’s just the lecturer you can hear and see. As the lecturer can’t see me I get so distracted easily by my phone and family life during time I should be focused. Also, there are lots of tangents that wouldn’t be in a normal lecture. We have also lost a lot of contact hours. My degree is quite practical (animal biology) and when my uni have tried to modify practicals for us to do at home it seems pointless and I don’t engage with it very well. 
I’m a visual learner 
It’s the most interactive method with the opportunity to ask any questions there and then. Plus you need to make an effort to remain focused
Cause when lessons are live, I can easily ask my teacher questions concerning the lesson. 
Most of my classes are discussion based so this allowed for those discussions to continue. Also, this seemed the best option for language courses. 
easier for teachers to explain it to you in person, makes me go less crazy by seeing other people!!
Live classes
I am able to listen to recordings as I write my notes, pause and go back when I need to and I can listen to them whenever I want.
It is more similar to the usual way courses are taught at my university.
Because it keeps students more accountable and engaged with the coursework.
It is interactive and more involved 
It is more personal and better explained than uploaded material but often works better than Zoom (since the lecturers seem to be more comfortable). 
It saves time : no small talk like we would have during live classes. And you can do it whenever you want. 
More interactive which forces you to be more present 
You‘re able to take notes while listening because you’re able to press pause. 
Because you can understand the explanation in a more visual way
I find it daunting online with other students and I’m afraid to speak out. 
more interactions
Because the lesson can be recorded meaning if I don’t understand the first time or the pace is too quick I can go back and pause at necessary points of the lesson. 
Because I could take notes at my own pace on my own time somewhere comfortable. 
you get to know your professors and can actually see them; its nice to get some structure for your day when meetings are scheduled + you cant postpone them
Online classes can get boring when there is no interaction.
Interaction is more beneficial and engaging
Can ask questions
it gives you the space to go in you own terms and time 
I can work at my own pace, stopping to research something when I don’t understand it or when something interests me I can spend more time on it. 
Because if it’s recorded I can rewatch it and stop it when I need to.
The teachers are able to explain theories and concepts which I find to be more effective than simply reading and making notes from textbooks. 
I can do it in my own time but I also have vocal interaction
The most interactive out of the options
I just like having information that I can pull up on a tab and flick between notes and things like that to complete the task. Just works for me😂
Because I can decide when I want to listen the lecture and I can listen to it more than one time.
Because I can actually talk to the teacher in real time and it feels more like normal school
more interactive, feel more motivation and the lessons are more engaging if it’s a live class
It’s much more valuable t mo hear other people’s ideas and to be able to ask your teacher more questions more easily 
More interaction 
Because you get to interact with your prof and your pupils, ask relevant questions and are motivated to contribute to the courses
It’s the most instant and I can actually ask for help
I can plan my time better and watch the videos in a faster speed
I like to be able to pause and take notes at a reasonable pace, but also have a direction set by the professor and material taught (I struggle to efficiently self teach).
You have to show up to the class. It helps to stay a bit more motivated.
More interaction, can get answers to questions quicker, better understanding as can collaborate with peers 
Lecturer able to interact in real-time and far more engaging form of learning 
Because I can do it whenever I want unlike a zoom call, and it is more than just a pdf it is more interactive with a video
Because it is very similar to an actual class in which we are there
It gives you direct feedback
I think I can get on with my work as I do it in a much shorter time than if a teacher were to send videos of them talking through it/do live classes. Also I prefer to plan my own schedule in the week and sticking to a teachers would be very tedious in my opinion.
you can pause to take notes and it is time flexible
I enjoy school because of the interesting academic interactions I get to have with my peers and my teachers.
Faster to make notes and understand 
It’s easier to understand when somebody actually explains it verbally 
More interactive it feels like I know what I’m doing more and there’s a form of guidance 
Forces you to participate at the "right" time.
gives you time to write down notes, and you aren’t limited by any connection problems, which sometimes interfere when the teacher is trying to present information in live lessons.
More interaction with teachers and colleagues
Because I can’t get away from doing them at that exact moment, so I procrastinate less. They are also not old recorded lectures from last year like some of my professors do, so while teaching live they can keep in mind which situation we are in
Because it provides the most connection. Even if get distracted or space out a fair amount I benefit a lot from the sense of togetherness and support I get from live classes, even at the times when they are not very engaging. In addition to this are the discussions that organically happen during live classes between the students and the professor, which would not happen if we all just studied materials individually.
An easier way to communicate, ask questions, and be engaged through a Zoom class, Google meet, etc.
Uploaded documents don’t explain things fully, but I don’t want to feel constricted by having to attend zoom classes during this anxious time. So pre-recorded lectures would be a perfect mixture of both 
Do it at own pace 
Closest to a real class. Able to ask and be asked questions to test understanding. Also stops me from spending too much time on class work as I know to stop when the lesson ends and work on other things. 
I can ask my teacher immediately after a question arises
So I know I understand the content rather than just memorising fact after fact. 
I can study the materials at my own time without any pressure 
Time to pause and take notes is available
You can ask questions and get live explanations 
We weren’t able to have this but I feel that if we had Zoom calls I would’ve had more of a structure thus feeling more motivated 
It’s easier to understand and focus
Most interactive and feels most like a normal lesson.
Because I can replay the lectures and work time independent
It allows one to engage actively in learning
There is more interaction between teachers and students and it feels like being in school, it helps me stay more focused on my work 
Because I can be active, and if I have any doubt, I can just ask and don’t have to email my professores (they don’t have a high response rate...)
This makes it feel at least a bit more real life education. The recorded lectures feel like I'm giving (/teaching) myself education, while with the real life lectures this all self approach is less present.
Feels like you are there, more engaging.
We were able to engage the online classes didn’t support asking questions well
Because we’re able to discuss the topic and the associated work with a teacher to fully understand it as we would in a classroom. Personally I find it challenging when we just have to figure it out ourselves 
As it is interactive and isn’t passive so you concentrate more
It is more effective in my opinion and it is available for you to consult them whenever you want to
Because you can have actual discussions about what you’re learning and this helps to develop a more in depth understanding of the topic  
Easier to interact with teachers and other students
we are still learning as we would in normal learning, but we can complete the work in our own time rather than being limited by scheduled live classes
More engaging and can ask questions and get an answer in real time
It is the one that resembles “normal classes” most 
I struggle to concentrate on online/live classes.
More interactive, lecturers are able to help you as you work and you get to see your classmates which motivates me more
You can learn the subject at your own tempo.
Being able to hear & see what I’m learning at the same time helps me retain information better
I can pause the lecture to take notes.
Because even though communication is limited, it's better to have an output possibility as opposed to just input through e.g. recorded lectures.
Because I can rewatch the class over and over again and make the notes with timeeee, follow me on @lucas.notes !!!
Because immediate interaction is possible and it gives the feeling of real-life classes
I come from a Business School were classes are very much like in secondary school , and not so much like lectures so to me using zoom or other similar platforms was the most similar to ‘real’ classes. 
Because it’s the most similar one to regular classrooms and I can ask directly questions
I can work at my own pace and not get distracted by others. 
Less reasons to procrastinate! Means I have quick revision videos to watch for each topic. I genuinely wish my college did it so badly. 

Clears up confusion of content and allows for better understanding. Questions can be answered straight away which is much more convenient. 
It is more interactive than recorded lectures because you are able to ask questions on the spot 
It gives structure to my day and I also find seeing my professor faces and other student comments motivating. It makes me feel like I'm still in a studying environment, even though I'm at home. 
Can be done at anytime and can be paused etc
It’s simple. Live classes are boring
More time efficient and I can just schedule it when I like
It provides more help and it’s easier to understand what the heck I’m supposed to be doing
Because it is interactive and engaging with live feedback
Because it’s kind of like Skype and you can really discuss things instead of typing or emailing 
Better interaction with materials in course
It’s because I work during the morning so I can do the classes wherever I want or I can.
Room for asking questions as well as discussion. It's also nice that you get to interact with your classmates.
It’s very similar to normal classes and additionally the meetings give more daily  structure, it’s much faster for me to take in the information and ask questions straight away 
Easier for a more free discussion and to work through ideas out loud before reaching a conclusion 
I can watch it more times and use it as a resource repeatedly 
It's more direct 
It’s more engaging and actually motivates you
I find it easier to follow what is being said and it keeps me more focused 
Because it is a real time connection.
Own time and rhythm 
More interactive and interesting/engaging 
Uploaded Materials
At least some ‘face-to-face’ contact and you can ask questions, respond to other students. It is not as ‘static’, it is the most collaborative alternative of at-uni education. 
I am able to choose when I complete the activities 
This method gives me the feeling that I can get the most information that I would usually get with physicial classes.
I can digest the information at my own pace and fit it around my schedule w/ family responsibilities 
It helps me understand the course better
Because it’s the most like being in a room with people 
That way we can review it anytime we want. It has time flexibility as well.
Can ask questions and have the teacher explain it properly 
I enjoy live classes as I am able to interact with my teachers and peers.
It is more interactive and due to being in reasonably small classes allows a deeper understanding as I can ask questions and get almost immediate responses
We get to connect with each other face to face which is extremely important at the moment with the lack of socialising and also reminds you that your not the only one going through this.
The material is explained more accessibly
Can be done in flexible hours 
I can watch it whenever i want and how many times i want.
The information is clearer when someone is explaining it, rather than reading it from a document.  It is also easier to retain.
Opportunity to ask questions and is often more detailed than uploaded materials
I like doing it at my own pace and I struggle to focus for 2h during online classes
Allows for more interaction between tutors and peers.
You can watch the lectures in your own time and fully understand everything.
It would be nicer to see the faces of my teachers when I learn.
I’m a visual and auditory learner so this is how I learn best. Studying obviously helps my grades but I can mostly remember things from hearing them from a teacher
Makes you more responsible to show up for class, it is more engaging than watching a record lecture, and direct feedback/interaction with peers and teachers.
Easier to revisit recorded material with verbal explanations. 
Because it makes students communicate instantly and the most likely to contact learning
Allows the teacher to discuss what is being taught rather than having to do your own research and risk missing out on key issues/topics.
Face to face communication
My subjects are discussion based so being able to talk about ideas and hear others ideas that I haven’t thought of is invaluable 
Because I can replay the lecture several times if I don’t understand a specific part, also I don’t like to ask a lot of questions during the lecture (I like to send the instructor privately afterwards). Thus, for me there are more pros than cons in the recorded lectures
Forced to focus for the set amount of time and it is timetabled
It's easier to maintain the feeling of real classes by communicating with each other live
Easy to talk 
Engagement with the teacher, being able to ask questions while the teacher explains a topic, no awkward email conversations
As it holds you accountable to stick to a routine and keep on top of lectures instead of getting behind on the pre recorded ones
I am missing the one on one connection so it is nice to see and interact with classmates and the teacher.
Interaction with professors
More engaging and easier to keep a routine 
I engage more and can’t ask questions and am less likely to not focus because I know I can’t go back
I can do it myself and I am not dependent on waiting for others to provide other ranges of resources 
Gives me an accountability mechanism to actually do the work set 
Live engagement and time to ask questions, engagement with classmates, forced to be productive, gives an aspect of scheduling/ structure to your day. 
Live classes are often very buggy and difficult to follow for the courses I take (Dance, Musical Theatre Dance, AP Literature). I prefer to be sent readings and work to do as it is more easily digestible and less of a burden.
Interactive and able to ask questions, then and there
I feel like it gives me more freedom to complete tasks
It’s as close to face to face teaching you’ll get
I can listen to the class whenever I have the time for it, also I can pause the video to take notes and rewind if I haven't understood something. 
I am able to rewatch until I understand
Can do it at a time which suits you and can email your professor individually if you do not understand 
So I find that I really get distracted with live zoom meetings, it is much easier to rewatch videos later and this means I can watch them over more than once too.
I have the option to work whenever I want 
I can access the material in my own time and create my own schedule when complete if work. This is beneficial for me because I can be disciplined with myself. 
Because I can pause/rewind whenever I need to which makes note taking way easier. 
More informative and detailed, can ask for help
I am able to access them whenever I have the time to
As I can work in my own time whilst still getting input from teachers 
Zoom meetings etc are hard on my anxiety. 
It’s more personal and easier for teachers to answer questions and help the students.
Having contact with teachers really helps me to understand the content they expect us to learn about 
We can review lessons at any time
Interactive, set time instead of wherever which means i actually end up doing it
It allows me to pause and collect all the information from the lecture that I require without missing anything 
The classes Arentz explained
I could do it at my own time/pace
The teacher can explain and it is a nice environment. 
I can watch it whenever I want, even in the middle of the night and I can rewatch it when I forget something
Students can ask questions directly to the lecturers 
More interactive, learn more more feedback, less lonely
I can watch it when I want and not at a set time. 
With live classes we can still have this “presencial class spirit”, because everyone has to be online at the same time, we can discuss, talk, laugh and feel like we are together in some way. With the others modes, although they have their benefits, I think they are the less “presencial” and less normal way, they feel more lonely. 
Allows us to engage with the content and other students, able to ask the lecturer questions there and then 
We use Bongo at my uni and it’s great! You see the professor, you see the slides of the PowerPoint as well and they can put in little multiple choice questions to see if the students understand the class. Plus we can chat in a group chat if we have any questions or we can chat one on one with a friend! Great platform! I wish all my classes would use it!
It is easy to go back to the lecture video and make sure that you have understood everything, and affords the lecturers more opportunity to explain concepts in detail. 
I can go at my own pace and not have to wait for the teacher to talk, i can read through the documents and take my own notes. If i have questions i can always send a quick email to my teacher. 
It’s more interactive. 
It’s more interactive and it gives structure to my day 
It’s the least time consuming
More interactive- instead of passive learning and can engage and ask more questions 
I can follow the lecture at my own pace
I like when the material is spoken to me. 
Best for understanding 
Interactive 
You can start the day whenever you want
You can pause lectures which means you can take in more info, especially if lecturers talk really quickly. Also more suitable because I don't have good wifi so live lectures are hard to access.
polish is my second language, so i need some extra time to process everything, especially when i am at home and lack motivation to study. when we work with recorded lectures, i can pause or replay certain things 
I find that having discussions with other peers and getting their opinion on things really helps to develop my learning. When having to memorise a topic for an exam I find that if I have had an in-depth discussion about it then I always remember it better. For one of my subjects just emailed materials like sheets to fill in and documents to read have been the main mode of teaching and I find that I do not learn anything from doing them. For my other subject, my teacher has done recorded lectures which is good as I’m being talked through the material however I prefer being able to have discussion with other students as they give me ideas and new perspectives on how to answer questions and essays. I would say that zoom would be the best for me, however I live in a house with many people which means constant noise and distractions and my wifi is really bad, so therefore I find zoom lectures pretty much impossible for me.
It feels more like uni
Because of the interaction between the professor and students. 
I keep up with live lectures better than recorded lectures; I am much less likely to fall behind. I also pay attention better in live lectures than recorded. 
Better communication possible and I actually get to see my class mates 
Most similiar to real teaching in classroom 
Because I can go back to whatever it is that I might not understand or that will be helpful in the future.
In this mode, the material is presented at a more manageable pace.
It's my prefered mode because we are interacting with other clasmates.
Unfortunately my school just sent emails out to us at the beginning of the week with a list of things to do and didn’t teach us so I don’t have experience with zoom classes. However one of my teachers sent out recording of her voice along with a PowerPoint which was a lot more helpful and that is why I choose that option as I can only base my preferences of my experience.
Feels more like a normal, familiar in person lecture
I can take in and absorb information at my own pace
Because I can listen to music and do work at my own pace
Easy to discuss the learnings subjects
Prefer learning from written information 
Because it makes me understand the lesson better
Get to interact with the lecturer live and you HAVE to turn up at the right time
You can still see your classmates and discuss problems together 
Easier to work through 
Cause its like actual class like in school
Active engagement with my small class sizes
can do it in my own time without too much pressure
I like being able to do things on my own time, and I often look really bad in the morning. All of my teachers are also very awkward on Zoom so I never join them.
It allows you to be taught the material by the teacher while being able to ask questions live.
It's as close to face-to-face lectures as we can get, it's great to be able to have that contact with lecturers. In addition I think it encourages people to attend in comparison to pre-recorded lectures that you can access any time.
Work is clearly set out within an email and if we need help we can email our instructors with any questions we had
Because it makes me study when it's live. I actually prefer live classes that are recorded for later revision 
It’s the most flexible and customisable 
Everyone can share ideas and opinions easily.
Because teachers try to be more concise while recording
A live class is the nearest alternative to a physical class and when compared to reading material much more interactive. 
More interaction and communication feels less isolating 
Because you can have live interactions with the professor and classmates
Because it is easier to understand the teacher, it is possible to ask questions.
I can do it on my own schedule 
I can attend the classes any time during the day, not at specific time, which lets me plan my days to my wished. 
I prefer to work through things by myself in my own time 
Videos are interactive without the connection issues that can come with zoom 
It would allow me to listen to lectures when I have the time because during quarantine I’m having to babysit and homeschool so I can’t always join the call 
You get to ask questions and receive an answer in the moment 
More independent 
The social aspect and interaction
I can watch the lectures at a time that is best for me 
It is the easiest for me to stay focused. Reading all this material is just sometimes imposible. And I can ask questions imedietly, while the lecture. 
I am able to complete it in my own time. However, it is less engaging to not have other classmates around. 
I find it more organised
This is more interactive and the most close it can get to a PHYSICAL (Offline) class
Emailed work has just caused me to become complacent and now, I am constantly behind on work as teachers set more week each week.
I can pause it/slow down/speed up ehich allows me to take it at my own pace and ensure i fully understand everything . Also means i can take breaks. Also if i am in high productivity mode, can get through a lot. But if not, less! But eith timetabled sessions if I am not in a productive/good mood then its just tough luck
You can work on your material in your own pace and whenever you want and there are no technical difficulties. During the live class (had only oke), it was hard to unterstand the teacher due to Bad wifi or beleaguered servers sometimes. 
Gives me more time to work at my own pace and reflect on the content
I can take my own time keeping up with the materials of a subject and recorded lectures just don't get my attention, I rely too much on the fact they are there whenever I need them so I let it accumulate
I can ask questions and have discussions with my peers to expand my understanding
It’s easier to find important information if you can replay the video or whatever they are using and also if something needs clarification or I didn’t understand it the first time, I can just go back and listen/watch it again.
It allows me to take time to make complete notes and to go back if I didn’t understand a concept
You can interact with the lecture live time
it’s easier to take notes and concentrate 
Interaction
I get to decide when i do it
Less pressure as it is difficult to meet all expectations and standards during a global pandemic! I can watch when I am in the mindset to optimise my learning as an individual 
The forums we’ve been using for seminars makes it so hard for discussions - you have to wait a lifetime to type a question and hope to get a decent response while there’s other conversations going on and it’s super awkward - whereas the zoom classes I think have been making talking to my tutors and the discussions way more accessible 
I can interact with my teachers in real time 
I don't have the pressure of answering any questions live and I can also replay any content I need repeating 
I can watch them when I want
More engagement 
More likely to actually do the work. Have to focus whereas uploaded documents are very easy to get bored with and not read. Gives me something to do in quarantine and is semi-socialising. 
Can just to do them at a time that suits
I find this mode to be the best of both worlds between uploaded materials and live classes. With live classes, I get very overwhelmed, because all focus is on the teacher, and side conversations are really not a part of the class, which is needed sometimes. I also get tired of having to follow and understand what my teacher is saying constantly, especially when there's no set time for the call to stop. Uploaded materials, reading especially, are hard to focus on and comprehend, so audio and visual content from my teacher really helps. Best of all, I can go back if I missed information in the video. 
It’s socialisation as well as education
Some of my teacher's teaching pace is quite fast so I would prefer to pay the video to make sure I haven't missed any information
It sort of mimics being in a lecture room which makes studying easier cause you don’t have to teach it to yourself 
Because I prefer doing the work whenever I want instead of scheduled meetings 
I do better one someone is "physically' there to hold me accountable.
More like the real thing, get questions answers straight away
ask questions, more motivating, the most similar to normal in-person classes
I can work at my own pace and figure things out on my own while still having options to seek help if needed
It feels that you in the class
It provides structure and the opportunity to ask questions directly. Plus I still have some interaction with my peers
i learn better when i hear and see people explaining things!
It’s the most interactive and keeps me motivated to follow the lecture
You get to interact and ask questions
Gives structure to my week having timetabled lectures as normal and allows quick and easy interaction with my lecturer which helps gain a deeper understanding of things I may struggle on
The classes aren’t very interactive and isn’t the same quality of teaching as it would be if it was face to face
Because I can pause it when needed
I can ask questions and I feel more like in a real class 
We can ask the questions directly.
More interactive, ability to ask the teachers questions in the moment 
Real time classes
It is easier to engage with the lesson and ask clarifying questions; feels closest to an actual in-person lecture
I can do it without having to contact my teachers. I really like just getting all the work on mondays and doing it without too much instruction.
Less interruptions
Easy to ask questions and fully engage with the material
Can work at times that shit you best and can work at your own pace
Look back 
Because my live classes often did not work at all, the quality and audio was very bad and the ,online explaining’ just don’t work for me. 
It allowed to ask questions and receive answers in real time/more efficiently.
I can actively ask questions on a live lesson so that I actually understand 
I can do it on my own time and at my own pace. I prefer to work ahead whenever possible. 
I’m in Humanities so I like being able to pause the videos to take notes or write down a very specifically worded statement. If I have questions, I email, but when we were taking classes in person I would ask in class which I prefer to email. 
Because there is the option to pause,  and replay if I don’t understand something right away . Also I am more flexible at what time I’m doing the lecture. 
Ability to ask questions and get immediate feedback.
Live lessons keeps me accountable; I HAVE to attend the lessons and stay focussed during the duration of the class.
I prefer the interaction you get and it’s easier to ask questions and have things explained to you there and then rather than wasting time emailing
Because I can go back to it when studying for finals, and that way I cant miss out any class. 
We can actually learn things from our teacher as they can explain things whereas emailed materials don’t go in as well  
More interactive - opportunity for asking questions and having discussions.
More interactive and useful for feedback
It’s faster 
I find them easier to engage with, I often zone out and get distracted whilst just doing work emailed to me, also it is far easier to get help when you get stuck
You can ask questions and receive immediate responses 
Helps with understanding to have teacher explaining.
I can watch it at my own pace
Easy to decide yourself when to do what, so that you can be more motivated for it
It’s similar to being in a class but without having the need for my WiFi to kick everyone off for it to run.
If there is something you don’t understand you can go back and watch it again, plus it’s convenient if you’re taking notes
A deeper understanding, that isn’t explained through PowerPoints. It feels more personal and is easier to have a guide. 
Getting instruction from lecturer, engaging 
Because it is a lot easier to engage with and comprehend the material when hearing someone explain it in an audible way. I also get the option to pause and go back if I don’t understand which you don’t get in live or in person classes
My tutor doesn’t really stick to a “work” based chat so I’m not learning at the moment but having something recorded would mean my tutor would actually stay on task 
Zoom
It's self-paced and I can access all the material at any time. Moreover, I don't lose time due to technical or connection problems.
because it's the one that most resembles face to face classes.

It explains things by a professional 
Watching recorded lectures is very tedious/ boring and easy to get distracted 
It is the only mode I experienced
My major is very practice-oriented, so live classes are the place where collaboration and discussion result in a deep dive into the concepts.
Working with teachers in real time and are able to ask questions
It’s as close to actual face-to-face contact you can gain in quarantine. It’s much easier to bounce ideas off of one another and ask questions as soon as they come to mind.
Keeps my attention, can’t get distracted 
I like having the scheduled tim to work. Easier to pay attention to. The live zooms are recorded so you can listened to them at a different time if you need to or if you want to go back an reference something. No one really asks questions in question but it’s nice to maintain the option online. We haven’t been able to incorporate the normal group discussion but zoom would allow for that 
Your able to ask questions live
It allows me to work at my own pace
My preference was a pre recorded lecture posted before the lesson time. Then during the lesson time we would have a zoom where we could discuss and do group tasks in the break out rooms. 
Most interactive and personal
Can access at any time
Such classes are live. It is harder to motivate yourself to partake in work that is on blackboard and can be accessed at any time of the day.
As it is most similar to “normal” school and is the most effienct way for interaction and feedback 
No pressure of being put on the spot to answer questions, but still getting taught the information. (Confidential mails are also available for if you have questions) 
More interaction 
As it is most similar to “normal” school and is the most effienct way for interaction and feedback 
I take a live class through a seperate program and it is much better in terms of getting to know your teacher and being able to have live deep discussions on topics, and also getting to know your classmates (who are from different places than i) and learning about their cultures, their experiences. Most importantly it gives me mentors and classmates to grow with, laugh with and live with . 
Live classes make asking questions easier and allows teachers to focus on explaining concepts that the specific group of students find challenging
Interaction, opportunity for discussion and can ask questions 
I can pause because my instructors tended to talk faster than in class/ leave notes for less time up
There is class engagement, and it helps keep a well-structured schedule for increased motivation to work
Its the only one i've experienced.
Forced time to show up 
It is the most similar to actually being on campus, as you have a sense of having proper contact with the lecturer and it holds you accountable for attending the class and engaging with the content
It feels the most like real lectures
it is more interactive and the teacher can give instant feedback 
You get instant feedback and for me it is more engaging, (also it is nice to talk to people).
Because I get to know ideas other than my own on a subject
More live contact
easier to ask questions
It is the only way you can truly interact with the teacher and schoolmates. You are (positively) forced to actively participate in the discussion and pay attention
I’m enabled to work at my own pace, in the ways which are best for my learning style 
I can organize my time individually 
I can work at my own pace, whilst still experiencing  'being taught ' - I like having a teacher there to conduct my study
Have only experienced this didnt like it much 
you can interact with people even while distancing
 
Live answers from the teachers
Interacting with teachers and students in real time is so valuable in learning for me. 
I can pause the video to take notes and absorb the information as it comes.
it is most similar to normal classes - you learnt the material in the same method and have the opportunity to ask questions and interact with classmates freely 
It’s more engaging, forces structure and means you feel as if you are actually interacting with humans!
Being able to see each other’s faces, and interact. Feels like actual progress rather than passive learning. 
I am an audible learner so I understand it better
It takes more time, but i can work at my own pace, which I love!
allows for quick responses from teachers and peers instead of having to wait for email/message back. Easier to engage in work and hold focus.
I can stop it whenever I want.
because I get to actively participate in classes and get rid of any doubt right away 
I can go through things at my own pace whilst maximising efficiency- but also receive the expertise of my teachers rather than just posting materials to complete.
interactive
I can stop when I want the recording if I didn't understood something, and that helps me to end the lession with a complete and deep understanding of what I've listened to 
Most contact, i can ask questions, have live debates
Because I can decide When I am going to do each homework. I can manage myself.
Because it is the closest format that replicates a « live class » and you actually get live human interaction 
It’s the most interactive 
I can ask questions in the moment 
allows us to ask questions 
It has the teacher explaining it, however I can do it whenever I want without having to be tied to a live call at a particular time 
It is the closest we can get to being at school with teachers and is the best way to actually learn information. 
It is the most similar to a normal class, and avoids the awkwardness of online lessons. I have found there is a struggling to have a valuable discussion or debate in online lessons as social cues are dulled, so recorded lectures deliver the information and the explanation without that hinderance. I have found myself more regularly having the debates we would be having in class usually with the members of the class in an independent group chat, where it is easier and more productive to help each other and convey ideas. 
More interactive 
Learn at my own speed
As the thing I feel like I’m really missing out on at the moment is class discussions and alternative opinions especially as I know essay based subjects 
It's the more similar to an in-person class and it's easier to have interaction with the professor
My WiFi isn’t great at home, and I have to fit learning around my family
It makes students accountable and feels more like a traditional class
More engaging
You can skip back if needed
More interaction with the professor
It’s really interactive ! The professor can explain us the course by writing on a board. And we can speak with him/her in real time. 
Because it makes it easier to organise myself and stay motivated to study
So I can understand better what i'm learning, eventually stopping the video
Must say it was close between live and recorded. Live so there is time accountability (I.e. the lecture starts at 3) and there is collaboration and ability to ask questions to keep engaged. Recorded allow you to do things at your own pace which can be nice when dealing with these difficult times but equally can become unmotivated and not watch them.
The one class that I have a Zoom lecture for is very scattered and the technology doesn't seem to be working very well. The prerecorded lectures are where I am able to actually learn things. 
Easily to ask questions 
I am emailed all my content and it's uploaded on Google classroom which means I can always come back to it, however sometimes the wording is confusing and the only attachment is the class PowerPoint/resources we would use in an ordinary lesson, not the verbal extras that are often more useful.

I also sometimes struggle to keep on top of my work so having the class live would help that.
You can look at it when you like and go at your own pace.
More like school
Because I can watch and rewatch at my own pace, but I think live classes keep me more accountable and easier for questions
You can actively ask more questions. It is more personal.
It means that I’m actively learning instead of watching a premade lecture from before
I can watch it whenever I want!
There are available whenever I want to use them. 
Haven’t done this as unfortunately it isn’t an option for my sixth form but zoom is good for face to face learning with the teacher. 
I can ask questions while the teacher explains. The teacher can understand by our faces if we are understanding a concept or not.
Can replay content
It is easy to refer back e.g. to review something the teacher said
More interactive 
Allows me to engage with the content and other students 
It allows me to have more time for my own type of learning instead of "wasting" it with a professor that doesn't focus on that
You can stop, rewind anything if needed. 
I have to work so live classes would not be practical 
I'm able to participate more, and see the other students in my year: that way I'm at least a bit social, and I'm able to learn better
Involves engagement and can ask for help. 
The  zoom meetings most resemble school but without the most important part: interaction with other students and even the teacher. So honestly it often feels like a waste of time sometimes
Because I can schedule my work time the way I wanted 
Better understanding 
I miss the social environment school provided and with live classes, I feel closer to that!
It is more like a norma class, doesn’t feel so quarantined
I think it’s the most engaging and an easier way to teach online 
It lets you interact with the professor and other students, asking questions and answering other students questions 
The concepts can be explained to me fully and I’m told exactly what I need to do 
Less pressure 
I can work through the lectures at my own pace. 
It mimics being in school and makes me feel like what I’m learning is important and so I don’t lazy around 
Is the most similar thing to “real” school 
Well explained and can be done at any time
Less easy to get distracted 
More contact, you feel less distanced
Able to engage with the lecture so it feels closer to “normal” pre covid lecture. Having a modules delivered in a variety of way I’ve enjoyed this the most. I also like that we’re all in zoom together and that it gives a structure to an otherwise unstructured day. 
Its most likely that i will attend if it would be recorded i would just procrastinate with it
I’m in control of when I do my work
i learn better orally, it actually goes in my brain haha
I like the interaction element as I feel that's where I can best develop my ideas.
Because all those assignments I get just feel like homework. The live classes feel more like school and I have no excuse to procrastinate
Real-time, more structure to my day
I struggle to focus with live lectures
Opportunity to hold discussions and ask questions 
so I can take my time to digest the content taught, especially because some professors seem to go quicker than usual when they can no longer gauge students’ responses
Feels the most like an in person lecture 
Easier to view at amore convenient time rather than what would have been the designated lecture time in real time 
Because it's hard to stay focused on lectures and especially if it's just lecture online, without almost any discussions
It’s like a real lesson but you can’t arch anytime and don’t have to feel nervous to be on video chats 
Most similar to a real classroom. Allows discussion
It’s immediate. You can ask your teacher for help straightaway rather than waiting for a reply on email. 
Interaction with others helps me understand content from multiple perspectives and feel involved 
because it‘s nice to see everyone (at least virtually) and it feels at least a tiny bit like normal classes. it‘s also a more interactive learning experience. reading through material your teachers send to you or listening to recorded lectures is not as engaging and interactive.
It is easier to get clarification 
It gives a lot more interaction with classmates and the teacher
Because there are no awkward video chats and you can do the work at your own pace with materials rather than having to make notes from speaking which I haven’t been doing much of yet (due to being a year 11 and not A-level or uni student) and I am therefore not used to it
Asking and answering questions on the spot, live communication 
It’s more like real school, you can ask the teacher questions
Content is explained better compared to just reading off a written resource like a PowerPoint 
i can get on with work at my own pace :)
Go at your own pace. complete when you want 
You still get the interaction with people

You can ask questions while the lecturer is on screen. 
it’s more engaging than being asked to fill out a google doc with ‘notes’
The professor can provide compact information and still explain everything in detail, however I know that this doesn’t really enhance active learning
It is more up to date than previously recorded lectures and gives us the opportunity to ask questions.
It takes less time to go over the same amount of work
it means that anyone can watch them at any time - helps people who are in different time zones and helps those who are still working. 
Can go at my own speed 
It means there’s still some form of interactivity between students and teachers, which makes it easier to stay concentrated and motivated to do the work.
Because i can listen to the teacher, and also it's the only mod of teaching i am doing.
There’s more room for connection and q&a sessions than recorded lectures.
I can do it when it’s convenient for me and relisten when I need it
Time for actual engagement
I learn faster that way
Adjustable to different schedules
because it's similar as being in class, it's more engaging 
More intimate and keeps a connection between teacher and pupils, easier to ask for help
It makes it way easier to interact with our professors and it’s the closest we can get to an actual lecture! It also puts a bit more structure in the day as you have a set time frame in which zoom meetings or online classes are being held. 
Because I can work through it at my own pace and not feel rushed
You can do it in your own time. As they’re recorded you can pause and rewind so that you don’t miss anything. 
I can stop and start If I Miss anything 
More time to look through the information, more systemized
It’s easier to ask if I have a problem
As you have direct communication with teachers
Can work at my own pace
Lectures
More interactive
You can engage with your teacher and get immediate feedback if there is something you don’t understand. It’s the most similar to my normal education before Covid and also allows me to engage somewhat with my friends. 
I like to re-listen things (especially math)
Interesting skill labs
It’s the most interactive = best for real-time questions... + it’s more human 
I can work at my own pace 
Can work at own pace
Easier to understand and not a rush to keep up can pause video and go at your own pace, also seem to be more detailed than a zoom meeting.
More interactive and allows you to ask questions 
I am partially  a visual learner and having a teacher explain the work to me is more useful than me just reading the same information from a textbook
I feel as though this most closely replicates an actual seminar and is what motivates me the most. 
I can watch the at my own schedule and pace, however I like them to be supported by live online zoom tutorials so we can ask questions and get feedback.
I can do it at my own pace without any pressure 
It is the best possible substitution for face-to-face education at the moment.
Self paced and free from interference of my classmates who end up messing with the teacer usually
I can work through the material at my own pace
I can ask questions, and it’s more engaging
I can ask questions right there and then. It also kind of forces some self of discipline in me having to wake up early everyday all for these online classes. So in some what of a way , it helps mimic ur typical school kinda life. 
It gives me time to work at my own pace and hear a real person explain the information.  
It's not that different from a regular class
Live classes are bot accessible to each and everu student due to network related barriers in remote areas. Also we can hear the recorded lectures at any time as per our suitability. Lastly, a proper and comparatively less chaotic chat discussion regarding doubts and suggestions can also take place. And all this requires much lesser data speed and accessibility in comparison to live streaming! 
feels more normal
since the teachers go too fast online (because you have some delay, so questions get either late or you forget about your question) I prefer to watch the video at my own speed.
Discussion of content
Because things get explained better in a video than just by email but I can do it whenever I want and it's more flexible than live lessons
Because it motivates me to pay attention and it's nice to know that everyone is watching at the same time.
I need things to be explained by a teacher as I can’t understand as easily just from reading I need to hear things explained. 
It means I can get through the work at my preferred pace and at a time which suits me 
It’s less pressure
Can take notes and pause at any time to take in the information
Because I can learn at my own pace and there’s no “embarrassment” around talking in a group call. I find it more intimidating than in a classroom environment 
Because I can spent as long as I need on it without feeling the pressure I would if it was live and I can go back and look at it whenever I want.
Interaction with your class and seeing people ! 
Because I can talk to the lecturers and join discussions with my class and it feels as close to an actual seminar as possible.
Some lecturers do struggle with giving good presentations. Being able to work through slides/topics/etc at your own speed helps a lot
It feels like we’re in class. We can ask questions. Also since it’s live you’re forced to do it at that time which helps for staying on top of stuff. 
I would be able to pause as I need/go back over things. It’s a far clearer way of seating out information and similar to a regular class without the commitment that Zoom classes have which can sometimes cause problems. 
More interactive
I like being able to do it in your own time and pause/rewind to ensure no content is missed 
Because bad internet connections make live classes/discussion forums impossible
More relevant content from the class gets covered during lectures
I can ask questions and interact with my teacher and classmates. This not only helps to learn better but also benefits mental health
It's the most similar to a normal school environment where my lessons can be explained fully and I can ask questions if needed.

Less scope for technical difficulties, allows me to work at my own pace.
Easier to access, can be done in own time, fewer issues and is something tangible to submit 
I think it allows for more participation and you can ask for more help from both your peers and the lecturer if you don’t understand something 
Most personal. I learn the most when I can discuss new material in class. My course (Translation) is Also rather practical, so it is nice to discuss assignments in class.
It provides structure to the week, it makes learning varied, eg listening and watching a video as supposed to just reading content. It’s nice to have some live contact for lectures and ask questions in ‘real time’.
-allows me to plan ahead what I need to complete during the week
-allows me to fit the work in whilst giving me space to improve my lifestyle by being less stressed and pressured by deadlines 
-independence in learning is important to me
-it helps to be able to allocate sufficient time to the work that needs it to fully understand (especially physics, biology, and maths) rather than scrambling to write down notes in class without having enough time to fully absorb and grasp the concepts
-the ‘school day’ is less exhausting so I get more work done 
I can watch and learn at my own pace
Possibility of interaction
More engaging 
You can ask questions directly to the teacher 
Allows better engagement of the material rather than just reading resources from books/articles/websites.  
Very interactive - able to ask teachers questions and discuss answers with other students 
Because I receive all the information I would have learnt in a face to face lecture without the awkwardness of being in a video chat (I find it really uncomfortable). 
more interaction and prompted scheduling
You can have your questions answered while working at your own pace. 
The content is explained, whereas with emailed material we are expected to teach ourselves.
I get to engage with the instructors and my class mate. 
It’s more interactive and it allows me to ask questions whenever I don’t understand something
I feel I receive more help to gain a better understanding 
Can be rewatched. Questions can be asked after time to digest new information. 
It allows me to take it at my own pace and revisit the information. This in combination with discussion forums is my favourite online learning mode. 
you are in direct contact with the teacher and it feels the most like actual school
I can repeat and go over bits I don’t quite understand at my own pace and consolidate parts by the repetition of rewatching experiments, explanations, examples etc.
Our professors try to make it as interactive as possible and we can just ask questions as if in we were in lectures.
Because you have interaction with other people
Because it allows the most human interaction
More interactive than what I’ve got at the moment
We'd understand better in the same time explore more.
It is possible to ask your lecturer or tutor for questions, more interactive than pre recorded lectures. 
Because it engages everyone and you have to be really focused and attentive to listen others and answer correctly 
It allows me to have the opportunity to apply the content, check that this is correct and then raise any issues with my tutors 
Allows for more engagement with the material and is just more socially fulfilling
Makes me actually do it and it's nice to see other people
You can ask questions in live time
You can get it done whenever you want rather than a live class where you have to be there at a certain time. 
More active learning like if it was in person. Forces you to attend instead of having to self motivate to watch the lecture streams 
No facial contact 
More interactive and gives more opportunities for students to speak and share their opinion (especially important in subjects like English Literature
You can interact with teachers and other students, ask doubts easier and it feels more like normal classes 
Because you can pause or rewind the video and watch it when you want to.
Being able to learn and ask questions in real time. 
More interaction with teachers, easier to understand material and also provides the closest similarities to in school learning 
Couldn't answer more than one but recorded lectures and live classes are equal for me at the moment and I think it makes for perfect balance. Lectures are nice recorded to do at my own pace but it is nice to also have interactive classes to talk about the course material
It’s the simplest
You can complete it on your own time 
It’s more engaging and interesting
Communicating is easier + all the information is easy to find afterwards when it's written down
Because it makes things easier to understand as it is like you are in a classroom. I think it also helps mental health too as it has a classroom vibe 
I find it the best and most efficient way of absorbing information without the pressure of a live class 

In my opinion and experience, I do prefer zoom meetings because it motivates me to be present and it lets my brain know that “oh we’re working now”. I also prefer this method because there are other people around who are studying with you and it’s nice to have some human connection. But I also do like the emailed work through google classroom because it gives me freedom to do research on the topic on my own to suffice my understanding while in a classroom I wouldn’t be able to do that because we would be transitioning from activity to another activity and then I would get home to do more homework from all my 7 classes and it wouldn’t leave room for me to do some research to further my understanding of the topic.
It's the easiest way:) 
You can watch thema again
I like to be left alone to get on with my work in my own time.
Live interactions and being able to ask questions on the spot
You can comunicate with a teacher directly 
I like being able to pause the video when I take notes so that I can focus my attention on active listening instead of worry about what I’m missing when I write something down. I also like to revisit the video to rewatch the lecture on more challenging concepts, especially before the exam.
I can pause the video and rewatch it if I don't understand it + I can watch it whenever I want to
Less reliant on WiFi and less interactive as I find it awkward to be interactive over things like zoom
It depends on the course. Some are teached better through Zoom. But for others like statistic recorded lectures work better.
I get to see my friends and we can have quick discussions 
Easiest mode
Some Professors upload there classes on set days in the week, others tend to upload them whenever it pleases them; that means one some days we get a weeks load of work uploaded and then sometimes no one is uploading anything; however, since the classes are available the whole semester, I am not bound to the professors schedule and I can chose when I want to work on a certain subject. Also, looking forward to exam season, I guess it will be coming in handy to be able to review some lectures. 
It allows for more personal organisation on the part of the student which is necessary to accomodate the living / mental health / ressources specific to each student
Easy to interact with the teacher and feels most normal
Easier to understand, aural learner, instant verbal feedback etc
It allows me to do work at my own pace 
Because you can engage with the lesson
Keeps me on a schedule, engage with the content, most of my live Zoom lectures are recorded as well
You can complete the work in your own time, so you can spend more time focusing on your exercise or sleeping in for example 
zoom
It makes taking detailed notes easier, as I can take the lecture at my own pace and pause where needed. It is also easier to fit into a schedule, as I am not at the behest of someone else’s routine
it allows me to interact and engage with the content better by discussing with people! 
It’s simple to understand and my laptop doesn’t run out of battery super quick. 
I feel like I interact more with the teachers and it helps me stay focus.
It is easier to do all of the work and I feel like there is less wasted "class" time
Engaging spontaneously with professors and students 
Because it is a good mix between guidance from our seminar leader and contributions from classmates which makes it so much more engaging. A lot more students feel more confident to contribute compared to zooms so it is far more interesting to spark debate.
The teacher can actually explain the work in person as sometimes it can be difficult to understand when the work is just handed over to you by email. It also makes sure I would do the work as if it was a zoom class the teacher would know if you’ve attended it but with email there is no way to prove weather you have done the work or not.
It’s the easiest way to be connected with the hole class and not only the teacher.
I actually get to listen to the information given compared to just reading it, helps me process everything clearer
Allows me to work at my own pace.
It’s way more interactive, you can ask questions etc 
I would be able to actually interact with the class, focus and be present
Because I can plan my own day at go at my own rhythm
because it is the only way to keep human interaction and active learning for students 
I prefer to be taught by my teachers rather than teaching myself, and it gives me the opportunity to ask questions and get an immediate response
It's an easy two-way communication method and feedback is instantly available. :) 
Can repeat parts of the lecture if needed 
Has some interaction 
Can do at whatever time
It gives the ability to easy interact, and ask questions. And is helping with staying motivated
So i can do the work in my own time and live connections aren’t always the best
more straight forward and active
It’s more relaxed and you can go at your own pace. 
It’s almost as good as real teaching! You can ask all questions etc as the class is happening rather than trying to get hold of someone to ask after.
More engaging, interactive and helpful
more controle
Live classes allow me to keep a schedule and not feel overwhelmed/procrastinate. If their was no online classes I definitely did not fully engage with the material
Interactivity 
More structured content 
I find it easier to get done and I don’t  experience the fatigue I do after calls so I can get more done. Calls and useful though
It feels more like a normal lesson and we can talk through concepts with our teachers 
It will be more interactive 
I have only experienced online learning via Zoom, so this is the only mode I know 
When having a live classroom it is like having actual class, where student can participate, ask questions and give there opinions. However, the recorded lectures do not provide student with the above. And beside it is easy to procrastinate when having recoded lectures, than being obliged to participate on a live class. 
I study english and history, so i really value real time discussion which gets me thinking in ways i otherwise would never. sadly this is not the main form of classes.
Live classes feel like the only way to engage with my professors and classmates and uploaded materials feels like very passive learning. It also feels like asynchronous classes significantly reduce the quality of my education and it is an extreme disappointment.
Gives you the chance to ask questions.
Because I can watch them when I want so that i can organize my time better. 
Its discussion-based 
It most closely resembles actual lessons
easier to understand what is being taught 
This provides flexibility to studying if other things have to be done. It also allows the chance to go over content if I need to spend more time learning a concept.
It’s good to be able to see and hear professors & students live, it gives a sense of normality and keeps me somewhat engaged and motivated!
Because it is the only one which can best simulate a classroom environment
It's easy to go at your own pace whilst working, to ensure that you sufficiently understand the material. 
Can be repeated 
Zoom
I really like that I can speed it up or slow it down even throughout different parts of a single lesson to fit my needs.
I can bounce ideas off of others in the classroom and ask questions instantly 
You can go back over material in your own time and repeat areas that are harder to understand 
you can communicate with your teacher instantly
I can choose when to pause the video and take a break. That option is not possible when the class is on Zoom or the like. Online teaching lacks the social aspect of catching communication signs in eyes and body language, which in turn tires out the brain faster. If the lectures were prerecorded with uploaded materials, the students could choose to join study groups and discuss the materials afterwards, at their own pace. 
It minimises the massive disruption by continuing to provide some structure to the learning, but it's still not great.
I prefer learning the material on my own and at my own pace.
As you can ask questions and it’s the closest thing to being in a classroom environment 
It allows for direct interaction with the teacher and classmates.
IF IT WORKS, it's interactive and forces you to think and do things, as opposed to just watching lectures like they're Netflix.
I prefer to be able to stop the recording and go over parts I haven't understood fully, which I can't do with my online seminars in live classes
It motivates me more to attend and do the work, also it’s nice to actually have someone speaking. It’s not all up to me.
Access anytime which is not possible with live classes. Most of my materials included recorded lectures or videos on topic and sometimes honestly someone on the internet teaches a concept better than your professor could do
I prefer to be self-directed as this is the most flexible option and I enjoy being able to get my school work done early every week. 
As I can pause and rewind sections to fully understand concepts I struggle with - so I have more control. Also video and audio is more gripping for me than just emailed articles etc.
Easier to learn and keeps me focused.
Other methods don’t suit my learning style and prevent me from being able to understand and complete the work to my full capability. In addition some other methods cause me stress and anxiety which disrupt my learning (eg- live classes)
keeps me accountable and helps structuring my days, otherwise i would do less work
It’s easier to look back at and to take notes in whatever structure I want to. I’m also able to get my teachers view point on the topic we are covering, and apply my own opinion to it also.
More opportunity for engagement 
More interactive, feels more like the contact we had prior to lockdown 
Because it allows you to work at your own pace and you can have a discussion with your peers about it afterwards without any pressure from specific meetings
I'm on a translation section of my degree so majority od our work anyways is submitting translations and other essays/papers done at home. It seems most similar to what we would do if not fot the COVID. I also  don't like uni video calls as a personal preference and because I feel I'm much more tired afterwards than after normal classes. 
Because I can pause and rewatch bits I don’t understand. 
Interactive
ALONGSIDE recorded material for help with it. Like being able to get in w it by muself
I'm able to create my own study schedule and access recorded class any time I want 
It's like normal classes and we get to see our class and have discussions
I have experienced both in the last few months, depending on the course I’m taking. I find I am more attentive in zoom lectures, and although they do not allow for faster playback speed, I find that since it occurs at a pre-set time, I do not find myself putting the work off till a later date.
Engagement and interaction with peers and direct communication with teachers to clarify queries 
live classes can be very stressful because of connection problems
I can pause the video whenever to write notes
It best resembles the actual class experience 
you can rewind if you don' t get it right away
It is because it is interactive 
Because I can work alone, and organize my time better.
Supplies a more strict schedule to the week
Closest to normal classes 
You can ask live questions in person by talking and you still somehow have a human connection (voice, webcam)
It is as close as you can get to being in person without being in person - there is more opportunity for discussion or to ask questions etc. 
You can pause and scroll back if you miss a point. And you can listen to it any time you want 
More interaction, seems more jormal
Because I can stop the lecture and take notes.
Allows a little more freedom in how I learn 
Because the insight of one student could contribute to the learning of others, and because it helps to develop critical thinking 
Can go at your own pace 
You can ask any questions if needed and talk with others
It's easy to follow you can watch the video multiple times if you don't understand something.
Because when they upload a video. I constantly delay to watch it.
Because I can plan this in on my own moments and in our case, it were lectures from previous years so basically the questions that I have, are asked in the lecture so the instructor does go over them. Also, I can pause and replay a part that I don't understand at the first time
Because you have to do it at a certain time. Feels more normal and creates a routine. When watching lectures back it’s easy to pause and get distracted but if it’s live you have to focus 
At least for me, I’m a senior in the USA and basically I was at the end of my high school education. Im in all APs and most of material for my them were covered before Covid. So it was nice to be able to do my review assignments on my own schedule. Also it was nice since now that my whole family is at home I am able to help out with home responsibilities and don’t have the stress of having to make it to a zoom call at a certain time. 
Because if I didn't understand something I can always return back the lecture
Interactive learning 
It's the most interactive and classroom like 
You're able to ask questions and you still have some interaction with you're classmates
I like watching the lectures at my leisure and being able to pause them. but majority of our teaching is tutorial system so obviously this is why its mostly live classes of ca 3 students.
Because I can rewatch the lectures whenever I need it
Because the tea her would be able to see body language and expressions to explain the task well so it makes it clearer for me
Replicates nature of classroom working environment as best as possible
Gives an opportunity to ask questions straight away when they arise instead of having to email later 
Because you can study whenever you want. Also you can stop the video to take notes.
Because it makes you obliged to follow a schedule and therefore creates a sense of structure in these days that all feel the same. 
Because my courses are generally taught through discussion so without that it’s hard to gauge what is actually necessary, + long recordings are hard to stay engaged with 
I understand material better when someone explains it to me in their own words, rather than a textbook definition.
Can watch/rewatch at anytime
To ask questions and find out other people’s opinions; also feels more sociable and less formal
It is flexible for students and allows for more explanation 
Actually seeing your professor and classmates gives you a feeling of connection you simply don’t get from just text. I feel like seeing my teachers and talking to fellow students is crucial to succeeding in my studies and to not feel so alone. 
It's the closest to a physical classroom
It’s more interactive and allows better teacher-student communication
I feel awkward on video chats and I can do the uploaded material in my own time and when it suits me (much better for my schedule than school as I am a young carer!!)
The teachers are able to go into more detail than if it was just written on a PowerPoint and the fact that they’re talking to you still, it gives you the feeling (somewhat) that you’re still in class. These are also a plus as you can dictate your own timetable - don’t have to show up to specific meetings/calls at a specific time every day. 
It is more personal and you get to ask your teacher more easily 
It’s a way the teacher can teach and explain things as if we were in the classroom but you also have the option to rewind if you don’t understand anything and work at your own pace. 
Because the professor is explaining it but I can access it at any time
We were normally given work at the start of the day so I knew exactly what my task was for that class and was more motivated to get it down in the class time. I found with online meetings once the call ended i got distracted very easily and went on my phone or checked what work I had for other classes instead of starting the work I had just been given. However, I did really like online meetings as it was the easiest way for things to be explained or to ask questions.
Because I can break down the lectures into smaller parts making it easier for me to stay concentrated and also to think about everything being said. 
More Personal, rounds up the lecture
I like to be able to interact is also makes things seem a little bit more normal
clear answers given and can complete at a time convenient for you 
Because you can actually see people and interact with them in a personal and direct way. Furthermore it is easier to learn when a teacher explains a topic than learning on your own.
Quickest way of getting help when confused and forces me to focus 
Feedback is available, and you can see other students’ responses - good for engagement and feeling part of things again. Less anxiety inducing than zoom (which causes an artificial social atmosphere that is difficult to get around, and it’s easy to feel more ‚put on the spot‘). Also can be done at any time, which is useful since it is largely impossible to keep to any kind of tight regulated schedule like it is when actually studying in uni.
Recorded lectures/videos
Questions can be answered directly
Because you don’t get the same level of information from just reading the material that is sent out. The reason lectures are held the way they are is because you gain additional all information from the lecturer during the lecture. 
I haven’t had any recorded videos however I think I would prefer this way because with just my class work being uploaded there is no one explaining it.
The most interactive option 
At least, even if we're far from each other, I can interact more with my classmates and my professors
Because it’s easier to work through at my own time and pace rather than a call I need to be active on at a certain time 
My university's focus is on asynchronous learning. I can access them at any time and I can work through the content at my own pace. I can skip through content I already know/speed it up. I then have more time to engage with the content (such as tutorials). I also get to go back to the lecture videos/slides and use them as my notes.
I'm more focus during live class
More interaction and discussion
because you can talk through questions and get other people’s views on topics 
I can watch and learn at my own pace
It’s simple and clear.
It keeps me on a similar schedule to school and is more helpful than leaving me to create my own routine and fall behind 
Google meet with shared screen for visual aid 
It’s easier for me, as someone with a learning difficulty to be able to pause and rewind lectures and is less stressful that zoom classes/discussion boards
It keeps me on a similar schedule to school and is more helpful than leaving me to create my own routine and fall behind 
Because i can watch them back, or pause if i need to.
It’s good to hear our teachers and their insight in the course work
Unfortunately this has been the only option  available
More interactive 
Because it's hard for me to participate in discussions, in school or online, so i prefer learning on my own and planning out my schedule myself. 
You can listen as many times as you need to 
It makes it easier for me to revise the information better and I can just email my teachers if I have any questions (which I prefer to live sessions).
It allows more interaction teacher-student, it's less intimidating and we can ask without sending emails and bureaucratic stuff. It's more direct, and it feels more normal, seeing other human faces has become something really important at this time.
I can watch it when I feel like I'm more in the "zone" so I can learn better 
It allows me to plan my own breaks and schedule my day in the way I would like it to be.
Visual/auditory learner, able to take my time. 
I can ask questions in real time
More interactive usually smaller groups and feels much more informative and engaging
So dependent on which class but live forces you to do something as opposed to making your own schedule. But both are preferred
It’s easier to follow a live class as it is more interactive 
can learn at my own pace & do it when i want 
Can ask questions which are answered instantly and hear input from others
Easier for me as a hearing impaired student. If we were to do it online it might be difficult for me to understand my teacher and lip read 
You can still ask questions and I eye tact with the class.
It keeps me accountable and it functions a lot more like my classes did before. 
It allows for more interaction with the teacher and classmates during the lecture, I can ask my questions straight away when I think of them instead of stock-piling them to ask in an email after class. I also feel like it's easier to reach the answer you want even if you maybe phrased the question weirdly or can't really articulate what it is you don't understand because it's a real-time back-and-forth with the lecturer and they can also use visual aids in a different way to visualise concepts that might be more difficult to explain properly in just text or with still pictures if it's something that's moving in a particular way.
I can stop, skip, and do whatever I want with the lecture! 
Positive human interaction that provides balance to an otherwise locked down day 
This way it gives me more independence on the structure of my day, and requires me to learn to work on my own and if I don’t understand something I can take more time. However I believe a mix of both conferences and uploaded things is ideal.
I can concentrate better when I am actively participating and involved
Because I can watch the lectures whenever I want and don't have to interact immediately.
Recorded lectures 
It gives an illusion of 'normal' classes and a chance to ask questions live so we have a better understanding of the topic.
The most simple way to listen to the lesson and being able to ask questions and/or for help and get an immediate response from the teacher
Because there is an opportunity to ask questions face to face. Plus we can have 1 to 1s as well.
Forces me to engage in the content 
It is the closest thing to the in person teaching we're all accustomed to, and it makes it easier for students to engage with teachers and ask questions and readily get the help they may need
Easy to follow
Encourages me to be present and engage more with the content
I can get a better understanding of the topic when the teacher explains it. 
Because I can use them as a personal tool
More convinient to study; easier to see at first glance the content of the material straight away (without listening to an hour long video for example)
Because you get to see your classmates and teachers
I find it easier because I can watch the classes when I am motivated, and if I have any doubt most of my professors are available through email. 
I prefer active and interactive learning instead of just watching videos
it is interactive
Easy to ask a question then and there 
I can take my time and stop the video whenever I need to and also if I do not feel confident about a certain topic I can simply rewatch the lesson 
Because I can rewatch it every time I need to
can rewind and fast forward lecture material
I can choose when to watch them, study with my own schedule. Live classes are full of interruptions because of questions and conversation. But, even if I prefer recorded lessons, I do feel the absence of my classmates in my learning process 
easier interaction 
Because is the one that most resembles what a real class is like
I can go at my own pace 
I love it because there can be an interaction between us (the students) and the teachers. It makes it lot easier to ask questions and understand a topic 
More interactive
It is the most similar to in school learning
Because it’s similar to normal classes
I like the Problem Based Learning (PBL) approach of my university that is very focused on engaging students in discussions. I think tutorials in small groups make you more proactive towards your learning process. We now have recoded lectures which I liked more than “real-in-person” ones, as I can pause them and adjust the speed. Nevertheless they are more just a extension of the readings for the tutorials
It’s just like being in a classroom but at home it’s easier to ask questions and have discussions whilst learning the content 
Online/recorded lectures can be very dry. Uploaded or emailed content allows you to take your own time and digest the material at your own speed. It’s also easier to do extra reading and research along with the work.
I can pause it and watch it again and again until I understand it
Because I’m able to refer back to the recorded lecture when I need more clarification. 
Recorded Videos
Interaction with teachers 
It allows live discussion and doubt clearing on the spot, so I understand the content better
It is interactive. It enables class discussion and contact with the teacher. 
There is more interaction with class members which leads to greater insight and understanding of the course material
It inspires me to actually participate since there’s pressure from the class environment to think and be engaged. It also helps me keep a schedule
More interaction, feels more like a real seminar etc
More interactive 
I don’t actually have any live lessons but I can imagine it would be much more engaging and closer to ‘normal’ learning.
I can ask questions easily.
Mimics classroom as close as possible and get to see my class mates. I like interactive learning 
Often more informative and planned out than live classes (at least based on the ones I've had)
Didn’t have an alternative provided 
It’s the most motivating
I can work in my own pace
Because you can pause it and play it back
You can choose when you watch it, you can pause/go back and you can watch it again before the exam.
Flexible hours as I’ve been working for the nhs whilst doing my online uni work
I like to take in the information at my own pace + I believe this enables me to dive deeper into a subject
I think it's the best way to learn something and discuss things you may have problems with because talking through emails isn't as good and it takes much more time to explain something. 
Enables you to get the same level of detailed teaching, full richness as if you attended but you can pause and replay at leisure, good for writing up. Only draw back is a lecture now takes me 2 hours rather than 1 😂
Interactive

I can pause it and make detailed notes
Because you have direct contact with the teacher. You can ask questions and talk to the teacher on the spot.
I’m a organised person, so I can plan out my day and do it at my pace, but I understand it’s not for everyone. 
Easier to collaborate with other students and share ideas
Responses are quicker when asking questions 
looks cool
Attending synchronous classes is difficult at home; would rather listen to lectures on my own time 
Because the instructors that just give us materials do not seem to care much and leave us to struggle our way through
Recorded classes are easier to follow along, and enable better time management with other tasks that came up due to covid 19
You don't have to wait for long to get a reply and it's as similar to normal class as possible 
I find it easier when my teacher can explain concepts to me 
It allows for teachers to explain easily and quickly and it’s easier to ask questions
Because I have really bad dyslexic so not having to Type is a massive help for me
It’s much more engaging, I’m able to ask questions in real time and it feels similar to being in a real class.
Can do the work at a time suitable for me, can take breaks when I feel they are needed. 
Honestly classes in person. I dont like at all online learning. And its not because i cant learn, is beacuse i am spending my parents life time savings in an education that is supposed to be in person. If i wanted to learn online i would just watch yt videos, which are way better than my professors’ videos.
I can visually see what the teacher wants me to do and I can go over it whenever I want/need and I feel I learn and understand a topic better 
The videos are concise and come with linked activities. I can do the prerecorded videos at my own pace and time.
It provides a room for active learning and asking questions.
Because it feels most like a normal lecture 
Can ask questions and is a bit more active learning. Also nice to see other people.
because i can do it alone
It’s easier to understand what they’re teaching and you can ask questions and get answers straight away
It allows for more engagement which helps me retain the information better. And it’s more fun! 
Because you get to spend time with your teacher and classmates and actively go through the course together.
I can watch it in my own time, pause it if I want to take notes and rewatch it if necessary
It’s more engaging and interactive and I pay attention more than just reading a PowerPoint 
I live in a place where the time difference is a lot with my uni.
You can replay if you don’t understand something
easier to focus than reading but accessible at all time + can pause it
It is interactive and offers a similar environment to seminars , enables greater discussion and understanding . 
It allows for more engagement between the instructor and students.
it still gives structure and doesn’t leave you stranded to do all the work on your own
there’s more engagement within the lesson
Because it helps to not loose the contact, even if its via a screen, with the teacher and the classmates. And also you keep a schedule and and a rutine.
so that it is easier to both understand the material and reach the teacher about parts where I don’t understand the concept. E-mailing usually takes a lot longer (2-3 days).
As then there can be no interference in the teaching process and things can be explained to you as if you were there.
You can ask questions easier and feel more comfortable as you’re not being seen by other people 
Because Interaction is possible and it‘s closer to a ‚real‘ class than other modes
gives me the freedom to learn it how i’d understand it straight away, not a sociable person so i think zoom would be a big struggle 
It feels the most ‘normal’, in depth discussions can occur without the restrictions of message/forum based learning
Allows more active engagement, the ability to ask and answer questions. Simulates a classroom setting.
We haven’t had much virtual teaching as we aren’t a priority year group (year 11) but for starting my a level courses I would love a video or zoom call!!
time to take notes, comprehensive info that’s not just filling in sheets. also i don’t need to look presentable like i would for a zoom call haha
Less stressful in the sense of not having to call anyone, however it can be a bit discouraging because of the lack of contact.
allows students to replicate the class room environment with teachers to maximise learning time
Being able to rewind and rewatch 
I feel more motivated to study, just having pre recorded lectures feels pointless 
It is convienient for me, because I can do the material any time I want.
The ability to ask questions and listen to discussions live is much more engaging and encouraging. I can grasp concepts better if someone explains them rather than from only a written resource.
It allows for some interaction between lecturer and students, though it is considerably less than in real life.
It allows me to watch a class and ask questions live to the teacher, like i would if i were at university, and then they supply us the zoom recording if we want to see it again.
Ask can ask questions during the lectures and receive answers, where as if pre recorded have to email and is a longer process.
I find seminar group more beneficial that lectures
You can ask qs / see others in your class
Less wasted time!
The possibility to engage in discussion with other law students is vital to enhance my competence in the field of law. My degree has in the last three months turned into one primarily focused on passive learning, which is proven to deteriorate learning outcome. 
Because I can interact with the professor just like in class
Ability to stop the recording and make notes to understand instead of not being able to engage because the info is going by too fast
I can ask questions right away , or if I didn’t understand anything I could ask the professor to explain again.
It's more engaging 
I’m able to have the time to write my notes and think about questions for my teacher about the topic without being rushed by the teacher, as they can no longer see the pace that I’m working at during the online lessons.
Because i can watch it whenever i want and can pause it as much as i want. I also kan take better notes.
Because i can directly interact with my teachers, it is the most similar to normal in person classes 
It’s more interactive, and I can ask my instructor questions more comfortably. I like the idea of having my whole class be involved too, as I am able to bounce off their ideas too.
I can engage with teacher and it helps to have things explained to me. When I just get sent PowerPoint a i feel like I am just making notes but nothing is going on. If I were to have zoom classes or something I think that it would be better.
Because I feel like I’m actually being taught
I am able to ask the teachers questions and get answers immediately. 
I am still able to have a face to face lesson by using zoom.
I can look through them in my own time, at my own pace. Convenient.
Because i can pause and take notes 
I like working at my own pace and choosing my own time and structure. 
Let’s you work at your own pace
More interaction, need for opportunity to ask specific questions and clarify responses to these questions. 
It’s as interactive as you can get with the online system, and I learn best through interaction with teachers and peers.
I have dyslexia so it is easier for me to take it in, ask questions and have discussions
Allows for forced engagement and ‘there and then’ help from lecturers.
Teachers are there to answer any questions while they're fresh
I don’t need to be stressed about it being live
Can do it at whatever time 
No other help has been offered
Not only able to learn the information but also ask questions about the specific thing we are learning 
you can give the teacher more feedback and ask questions which can help you to understand the content better
I love the idea that I can do everything in my own preffered time. I am more of a night owl, so being able to do the work in the evening makes me a lot more productive.
I can do it in my tempo


Interactive and gives instant answers to problems. 
Doesn't put any pressure in terms of attendance and time
I like being able to do things when I feel like, and being able to actually work through things help me understand them 
The material is more understandable when given in an interactive style even if it is not a direct discussion and also you can take your time and understand everything in more depth without having things already planned. 
I can manage my productive time on my own, without depending on the set time of an online lecture 
I like to be able to pause and right down comprehensive notes and also expand the lecture notes with my own ideas and thoughts, I feel like I can get more out of lectures this way
I can look back 
Makes it easier to study at your pace and according to your availabilites.
You get to talk to your teacher
Interactive and can ask questions 
It enables people to talk more openly in conversations then on video which can be stilted. 
I can work at my own pace 
Easier to follow, not awkward
Discussion chats are rubbish, asynchronic classes are even worse, live classes are sometimes amazing because you get to interact with the teacher and other students, sometimes they're also a waste of time
It’s hard for me to actually sit through pre-recorded lectures/read through uploaded slide documents on my own
Can watch at my own pace and read notes along side making it easier to grasp a topic. Can watch when I want as well which is more convenient 
Easier for teachers to explain/ actually teach the lesson.
i find zoom lessons stressful and too fast as well as being difficult to work around my job 
Re-playable content helps better my understanding of the subject 
As I can understand how the Professor has explained the content and be able to review the lectures more than once. 
Having actual face time with my professors and classmates has really helped me feel motivated this semester, even though I am at home. Doing zoom classes gave me some reminder that I was in college and required to complete college-level work. The breakout groups on zoom were also helpful for peer collaboration, though it is nowhere near the same as in person classes. 
I don’t usually contribute much in class - I prefer to listen to others and make my own notes - and discussion forums force me to contribute or I’m recorded as having not attended the class.
It's a more active approach to learning, promoting engagement and participation. Plus, you can see your coursemates and lecturers! 
I got out of habit of taking notes fast during a lecture where I have to listen to Profs - I just can't keep up anymore, so it's nice to write them notes down at my own pace while listening to music
I can pause and rewatch things I didn’t quite get
It is less easy to get distracted in live meetings
Because it feels more like I am in an actual lesson 
It’s much easier to communicate with teachers in real time and ask questions about the material rather than emailing about it later on and waiting for a reply 
Face to face learning is the way I learn best, when you can ask questions and get immediate detailed answers.
I can watch the lectures whenever 
It stops me from procrastinating to watch the recorded ones
Ability to work around my own routine and pause/rewind if I need to. Easy to manage and access. If I need additional help, I can always message my teachers.
More engaging
I can interact with the teacher more so and ask questions if I do not understand something. Where as with emailing one has to wait quite a long time to have a reply back from the teacher.
It is far more engaging and stimulating than sitting at my desk doing prescribed work expesically during this allready isolating time, it is much more helpful to be able to have a discussion on a topic and take notes during a live class as it is much closer to the real deal of learning in school
You can get live feedback from your teachers and your lessons can proceed a bit like usual. 
Provides a better understanding of a topic when verbally described.
I work at my own pace
I like how you can pause and rewind the video when you don't understand something (or if my mind has started wandering) so you can play it back again
Easy to ask questions, while getting taught about the subject
I would find talking awkward 
More like school
Easier to manage my time
I find it easier to understand the content when someone explains and talks through it in detail; so although we haven’t been sent any recorded lectures, I feel as though it would be easier to learn this way.
I think that I end up learning more this way.
I enjoy being able to discuss the subject matter with my professor and other students rather than working independently. 
Because interaction is possible.
Face to face contact with a teacher and provides more of a structured lesson
because that way i van replay bits that i Find difficult 
Honestly, I like recorded lectures too, it compact and organize the contents nicely but, on Live classes, we can ask questions to teaches immediately and share ideas in chat room and I don't have to be feel like alone 
live classes replace actual lectures the best
It feels a little bit more realistic and I can ask doubts easier 
More opportunity for discussion and ease of asking questions
You can do the work when you would like too rather at the time of the lessons, it gives you a more flexible routine 
Keeps me accountable to do my work/come to class
Because it’s the closest we get to normal schooling, and that way we get to interact with our classmates like if we were took physical classes
Because it allows me to go outside of school hours to work on it (I am most productive at night).
Easier for my schedule as I work full time
Get to actually ask questions and get support you need or any clarification of the lecture material
It's more engaging and forced one to block time in the schedule.
Compared to if they did the lectures live I can do the lectures when it suits me rather than at a set time, it means I can also get ahead as well because all the lectures were uploaded at once. 
I don't feel comfortable being at home and sitting in a (virtual) classroom at the same time. And I don't like the platforms we use (zoom). 
Live classes are much more engaging, with the recorded lecture the lecturer speaks so quickly that it is hard to grasp the concepts. 
The material is concise and I can understand exactly what I need to be learning to keep up. I am too easily distracted in a lengthy video call.
More accessible for me because my laptop’s camera doesn’t work and I can’t afford anything new at the moment. 
It better keeps everybody accountable.
I am shy, and have an anxiety disorder so live classes are difficult for me since I feel exposed 
You can ask any questions there and then and it is more interactive 
There is opportunity to re-learn the content of not understood properly by looking at recorded lectures. 
It is the only one that has been offered to me
Easier to do in your own time
Human interaction, teacher can explain right away if I don’t understand something
I find it easier in this time to work at my own pace, and I am more of a visual learner
Direct interaction with prof and colleagues 
More interaction with teachers 
It holds me accountable and it's the most practical for asking questions. 
My teachers done offer this, however I feel it would be helpful for English as I’m lacking class discussions 
It’s similar to how I worked at college 
you have your teacher and your mates to talk with and discuss today’s lesson. also helps with the social aspect 
No pressure but good materials
It imitates an in person class as well as it can. It also marks the beginning and end of a class, as well as you’re able to ask questions during the lessons. 
It os the closest mode to one-one classes like we used to have.
I like how it is similar to our normal teaching style when we're at uni. 
You can pause the video at any time and work at your own pace 
More flexible, prefer uploaded materials in addition to occasional online courses/lectures, good mix of interaction but being flexible enough in planning the workload throughout the week 
Because the educators can discuss issues real time 
Able to fully understand the lesson at your own pace 
allows me to pause and go back when needed
Able to ask teachers questions live, allows you to have discussions and conversations, see your teachers face and they can present a PowerPoint which is what happens in most of our normal classes at school so it’s as close to normality as possible.
There is interaction with the lecturer 
Feels more personal, easier to interact and ask questions along the way
Because i actually get taught stuff instead of just using my own brain especially with stuff like English i need to hear the teachers interpretation of the piece 
More reliable than zoom calls (bad connection etc), also allows learning at my own pace
They are usually narrated powerpoints  or screencasts - good as I can pause and understand and take notes - it’s like doing it on a whiteboard but I have time to go back and listen again which is so useful.
It is the most interactive form.
It makes you able to discuss the content learned or the homework you’ve done
It is nicer to work with a video than just written notes, also the fact that it’s pre-recorded allows us to go back and listen again to points we did not get
Gives you a chance to ask questions in real time, teachers can properly explain the information instead of relying on you to teach yourself.
More efficient
It keeps me engaged
It would be more interactive and easier to follow along with the lessons. 
The teacher is able to combine different methods.
Because I can go back if I missed something and it’s easier to take notes.
You can interact with your tutors in real time rather than having to wait for response and compared to a live call you are able to complete tasks at your own pace and time yet still
Be motivated to do them because of the online chat. 
Personal but can be done when it suits you
I can watch them in my own time instead of during scheduled timetabling, and there is less risk of having connectivity issues like there might be during a live lecture. 
i can go at my own speed and don’t have the fear of being asked a question i don’t know!
Your not pressured on time when it may be hard to get on with stuff in a home environment.

Because I can discuss ideas and concepts with teachers and classmates there and then, uploaded material alone isn't very motivating and it's difficult to contact the teacher outside of the lesson slot if you have questions. It's much more engaging to have a real discussion. 
It allows me to fit uni work in when I feel physically and mentally capable. As there have been days where my mental health has been bad, not being able to attend zoom/online lectures makes me feel worse.
We can complete the work (mostly) at our own pace and still do further research. Communications with teachers doesn’t feel unnecessary or prolonged.
In theory you are able to ask questions directly to the teacher - so it would be like your were in a regular class. 
i can replay whenever and can keep for revision later 
More interactive et ne with quarantaine it is nice to see familiar faces other than family 
More interactive I learn better by auditory learning. But live classes make me feel uncomfortable and I’m not as focused on the material. I also like being able to do uni work at any time’s as I also have a job 
Most time consuming, but made me feel somewhat normal, rather than just emailing my independent work to professor (which I did for some of my classes).
Interaction; closest to real life class
It is the only method that my school has been giving out material through and is working quite beneficially for me.  
Learning by listening is easier for me than other ways
Do at my own pace and take time over readings
It's the closest we have to normality.
Because it's a direct interraction, we can ask question and we can memorise more easily (but just two of my professors choose this mode...) 
Because I can manage my time, but at the same time I get the explanation from the teacher. However, I like the live classes opportunity to interact, but right now with everything that is going on, I'd rather watch the lectures whenever I feel motivated and I feel like I'm going to make the most of it.
It is the closer to normal class and the others are more like studying new subjects on your own than actually being taught the subjects
I can watch at my own pace
Easier to communicate while seeing each other 
It feels similar to a live lecture so you get all the explanation you might need, whilst being able to pause and rewind to make notes more easily. You can go over something as many times as you like. 
Basically we have classes on Microsoft teams, but they are recorded in the same time. I have realised it is easier and more effective for me to listen to them recoreded later on and make pauses, search things online and such.
easier to stay concentrated and motivated, easier to ask questions
You can watch them in your own time and schedule your own day
Feel engaged and provides structure
Can go at my own pace, at a convenient time

You can easily ask questions if something is unclear and it's the closest thing to actual classes.
Because it is the only mode of teaching, so i cannot compare it to other modes.
It's  more engaging and makes you an active part of the class, which helps retain the taught material.
Live classes on zoom
Easy to get instant responses to questions 
Easy communication
Easy and can do in own time 
I can go back and review the info
Cant be put on spot and i am actually abile to work through the material at your own pace
I thrive on discussion 
You can do the work when YOU want to.
I can watch it again when i forgot something
More motivating and actually helpful when you need answers straight away instead of them ignoring our emails for weeks on end
I learn more by being surrounded with other people
These offer an option to pause and rewind, so that learning can be conducted at my own pace
More interaction with the material being presented. Easier to ask questions, reason out answers, and hear different opinions/views on a topic other than your own.
It’s more interactive. Students can debate (in a controlled manner) and the lecturer is also present to talk through points and give her outlook. 
it’s easy, and the information on the materials is usually explained well 
individual time management 
It’s more relaxed and individualized 
As I'm in Uni of technology it is easier to follow and learn programs from easy to read and look back on materials
Most interactive and thus helps me keep up motivation. I also get to see my friends and can quickly get help if needed
Easy to ask questions 
You can ask questions and get a response rather than emailing your teacher 
More interaction with the professor and other students
Can communicate directly with lecturers
It feels less daunting to be set a task in a set lesson time, where the teacher can explain the task more clearly then to be set multiple pieces of work to be completed over a longer time period. I find it extremely anxiety provoking to email/ message my teacher when I need help or to ask a question - it’s easier to ask the question during a live class. With out the live lessons, it’s easier for the work to pile up and become really overwhelming. 
Communication is easier that way and I have the opportunity to ask questions. It feels more natural
It’s more interactive than emails which we also use a lot
More engagement with peers and tutor which helps consolidate learning, compared to simply watching recorded lectures mindlessly and not actively learning. 
Becausr it forces me to sit down and learn the work without having to teach it to myself or make myself do it (instead of wasting time)
Because this way students are much more likely to get engaged in the lesson and to have a direct discussion
gives me the opportunity to ask questions more easily 
Because I get to organise my times and also I don’t have to worry about the pressure that comes with writing, doing things in the computer and paying attention to the online class.
Gives structure to the day, easier to encode information when you don’t have the ability to “pause” literally 
If you have a question, you can easily ask them. That's not the case with recorded classes. 
Because it’s easier and faster to ask questions. Easier communication, less confusion.
I can engage with the material at my own pace
It was the same content we received in lectures in person but but by being recorded allowed us the flexibility to decide how to schedule our time. 
it is just like a normal class but it’s not a live call so it doesn’t make people nervous 
I think not everyone has the same schedule during these uncertain times so i prefer anything other than live chats since you need to stick to a time that may or may not be convenient to everyone. In addition, you could then study at your own pace without feeling any additional pressure.
Lecturers are there to talk to, and you don’t have to wait for an email.
Having the flexibility to complete the class whenever you want
Times are flexible this way.
Easier to stay focused and motivated during the class + more interactions with the professor
Live classes are realistic.
I get to engage with other people and be held accountable for my learning
You can pause at any time you want and also watch it back later
If it was any of the other options I probably wouldn’t do the work. 
We didn’t have any live classes, only uploaded recording, but I think they would be most similar to in-person lectures in that you can ask questions in real time instead of having to email lecturers 
more flexibility time-wise (I can do my work in the middle of the night if I want to)
I want to be able to directly ask questions to tge tutor/professor
I like being able to speed up the content when I understand it and slow it down when I don’t!
Technical problems during a live session can‘t occur and I get more explaination than when I just get a script.
Interactive and provides structure to my day
Able to see written in a board very similar to traditional lectures
Deeper understanding with a discussion basis on the work.
less stress about getting ready or looking and presentable and easy accessx
Because we are able to ask questions and get things clarified or explained again 
I can pause it when it's going too fast
I can rematch at my own pace, and also jot down questions as I go. It’s easier to manage than having to multitask during a zoom call. Although the social interaction element of video calls is important. 
It is easier to ask questions and have a direct contact with the teacher as well as the rest of the class
It feels the closesr to a normal class with the ability to ask questions and have them answered. Adding, the sidetrack banter or conversation to check-up on how everyone is doing is a key for me in keeping motivated/concentrated
Questions get answered quickly and you can go back and search to see if other people had the same question 
So i have the time to  stop It  and take Better notes 
Can go at my own pace, speed up skip replay.  Work at my own timetable. 
You ger to interact with each other
I learn best when able to ask questions and get feedback real time. I also miss human contact so seeing other people is nice
can do at any time
We are able to ask questions and see demonstrations 
I prefer it as I am shy in video calls and I feel more comfortable with emails.
Explained in more detail and can be accessed anytime
It gives the most concrete information. + the quality is the best.
I like it better because it's very similar to in-class lectures 
I get to see my classmates in real time and it feels more like an actual class. It also adds more accountability for doing work, because I’m not just sharing my answers with a professor, I’m also engaging with classmates 
People can help each other 
I miss face to face contact. 
It is easier to raise any concerns with the module, particularly in small class modules.
Easier
Easier to learn as it provides proper teaching but with no connection issues as it can be laggy on live lessons - any questions you have can just be emailed and it feels more like a proper lesson 
I can ask lots of questions. 
We get to have something that’s sort of close of normal school. We can hear each other, discuss material and the teacher can ask questions as usual. It works well if you’re a smaller amount of people.
Freedom to study individualy
Minimal time wasted on discussing previous work - I can choose the timing of my classes 
Because my classes have a more strict schedule and I can study more consistently (with recorded lectures for example I lack the self discipline I need in order to keep myself on a schedule) 
More like normal lectures
To me, it's the one that looks the most to real classes I used to have before our university closed (physically)
It’s more flexible than live classes but emulates what normal lectures would be like really well.
Because we can ask our questions and don't have to wait for days to get a response. It also feels more personal which is why I take it more seriously 
You can pause the lecture, so you can take better notes. (All my lectures have been recorded, but with our project we have calls with our counsellors om teams, and in our study group we use discord, when we are not together)
It is extremely more interactive and mimics a real lesson as much as possible 
It feels like being back In School and it is Nice to talk to people
Can rewatch and pause to go at my own pace
Then I can do the work at a time that suits me rather than a scheduled time by uni which may not work in my daily life now.
I have used it for open days and it is much more interactive and is closest to a classroom environment
Easier to digest by myself 
As I am able to pause and reflect/ take detailed notes or message a friend - sametime - about the content as if we are in a class together. 
It allowed me to structure my day myself, where I could access class materials and recorded classes when I was available while also dealing with issues at home. I knew how long a class would be and how much time I'd need for it, as live ones often ran over time. They also seemed to be more to-the-point and less unnecessarily chatty and longwinded many live lectures
We can interact with the teachers 
Access to teachers - can ask questions!
Because we can interact with the instructor and ask them questions relating to the work that has been set.
Find it very helpful to pause and rewind what is being side - better for note-taking
More motivation
I can watch whenever I want 
Better engagement and feels almost the same as being in a classroom 
I feel involved in the learning enough that I am motivated to do it. If I am just sent the materials I tend to forget to study or ignore it out of lack of interest (I know that sounds really bad but if I’m not physically present in the learning I can’t get my brain to be interested in it). 
You're able to work through the material at your own pace, take breaks when you need to and it's a lot more efficient because you aren't being carried by your teacher and have to actually engage your brain
Allows the lectures to be viewed in your own tone, while also enabling the opportunity to rewatch/explore further. 
It is more interactive and it’s easier for the teacher to explain anything needed
The possibility of interacting with classmates and professors whilst still having the freedom of working on my own schedule
I feel like I get more out of the time if everyone is prepared to discuss a topic instead of sitting and listening and taking notes fore several hours in a row. 
For me this is the most effective way of learning 
It creates more of an in class feel, like I’m actually at college. It also helps to understand explanations rather than relying on emails.
The communication feels more natural this way.
Easier to engage and feels more involved with my class.
Interactive and allows for questions
I just like it better - teacher can tell us what he didn't write in the presentation.
It is a more interactive way to explain difficult concepts and properly address situations as well as a more welcoming and open atmosphere to ask questions also more closely mimics a classroom environment.
I will actually do it. 
Because you can inferact with the teacher, plus since I cant pause, I pay a lot more attention. I just wish they were recorded as sometimes internet fails and I miss information.
Can speed up the lecture if it's not particularly challenging and can go back over content if it's more difficult. It also let's you dk the lecture properly in one sitting rather than going through a live lecture half heartedly and having to look over it again after.
Can replay the videos to revise anytime I want 
Because you are able to ask the teacher right away if you are wondering about something and they can see the students facial expression while teaching.
Because then we are actually taught it and can ask questions as we go
Being live would make it easier to interact with the lecturer and ask questions, compared to lectures that have just been reuploaded from last year 
I feel more engaged as I’m physically listening / talking to someone
I find it easiest, as I can skip and rehear parts that are easy/ hard.
More contact and reassurance due to face-to-face aspect 
Because i can replay things I didn't understand and can learn whenever i want.
Pausing the lecture while taking notes & studying in your own time
Because I can do my work ahead of time, for the most part, but I haven't tried anything else either.
Its easiee because I get to do things on my own time.
I get to actively participate in the discussion instead of just attention a course, thus engaging with the material better 
I can make my own schedule 
Even in quarantine it can be hard to keep up with live lectures so having the option to watch them back is very helpful.
I can self study and plan my day to my liking, for example math in the morning and arts in the afternoon. Also i preferred self study over life classes before covid. I can be more productive and active when i do self study
My university only offers recorded lectures (main module lectures had finished prior to covid so just some for my dissertation prep have been uploaded as recorded lectures)
Because I think it feels closest to actual teaching 
Can pause and play at own speed to understand the content and can go back if you missed something
You can ask questions
Forces me to pay attention
It’s nice to be able to ask questions (vocally)
I feel like because I’m doing an English/Creative Writing degree using discussion boards and peer reviews for papers and workshops for the past few months was a lot less anxiety inducing than some previous classes and in-person workshops were, so for that reason I enjoyed some of my classes a fair bit this semester!
Increased interactivity and enables quick responses to questions throughout a lecture/class
Because it still maintains a certain degree of relationship between people
Because I am an independent learner and it is a practical field of study - it gives me more time to actually do the practical work.
I learn better 
Able to ask questions and gain a better understanding than set work with little follow up
i can set my own timetable and work around my own schedule 
Because it allows interaction 
i think its a good way to “replace” normal classes . My teachers at least can really engage us 
Feels as though I’m watching from the classroom, but from my own home 
Easy to follow 
You can easily access help without waiting for an email for ages. It also feels like a normal lesson.
Easy to access, can pause/rewind etc at my leisure
Allows us to actively interact with the teacher and he/she can ask us questions about the content so we remember it better. Plus, emailed material is just plain and boring to work on in general 
Talk through answers without fear of speaking on a call or not having questions answered over email 
This is the only medium I have experience in
It’s much more similar to regular schooling and more interactive. It gives students more structure to their day.
Can access any time
I can view this at any time and I could pause if it go's too fast. 
Can watch it whenever I want and repeat parts I missed, watch it twice
It's the closest experience to a classroom environment and I get the most out of my teachers.
Can work at a time that suits you 
It’s most interactive 
It is the most similar to normal non-COVID time classes. If they were all pre-recorded videos i probably would never get around to watching them because of procrastination/laziness/no motivation.
It feels more “real”.
It’s easier to learn and to participate
Ease of use and no set time restraints
Because we get more explanations. 
It is simple and easy to follow- I can do it in my own time and the 1 to 1 feedback and support from teachers via email is also very helpful
It feels the most “normal”- we can see everyone, interact with everyone and ask questions to the teacher; it’s a lot more engaging than just watching a recorded lecture for example 
I am able to learn at my own pace without being stressed about not being able to keep up. 
Because I can reward it and relisten to the points I did not understand and I can take notes easily. 
I'm able to access information at any time and at my own convenience.
Flexible, can pause and doesn’t feel awkward asking questions 
I can pause it to think about things, and write everything down in time. I don’t have to worry about missing anything. Also it means I can do it at a time that suits me.
I struggle with live classes as they are just not as efficient or engaging as face to face. So I prefer to do lectures in my own time. 
Because I can work at my own pace, access the information necessary for a task and ask for help when needed. 
I can complete the work at my own pace, and at a time that is suitable for me
It is the easiest to follow alone with and you can always press pause. And your notes are very detailed.
Can ask questions in the moment.
Because it’s a live interaction between teacher and pupil :)
It feels more like a normal lesson
Because i learn best through listening, and this way i can ask questions and hear others contributing 
Easy to ask questions, and it feels a bit like a real life class
Feels like real interaction, and retains a sense of normality through the format 
More flexible time management, it works better 
Makes it easier to do things on your own time.
With the changed Rhythm of the day and often feeling down ist great to be flexible when to do the lectures
Easy to stop and record the video if you like and can watch in own time 
It still gives you that bit of social interaction and structure throughout the day/week
Live classes (on Microsoft teams) make me very anxious
More interactive/ opportunity for personalised learning
It allows me to work at my own pace, and then freely research a topic if I don’t understand it solely from the provided explanation the teacher has emailed on the PowerPoint. I find that I absorb information better this way and am more productive.
Closest thing relating to the in person seminars
I can study in my own pace
Pausing and being able to take notes without stressing myself
Set times for zoom lectures motivates me to get up and do college online. 
are able to go back to it for consolidation whenever, and can always ask classmates or lecturers questions if not understanding it 
You can ask questions and interact with others
You can do it in your own time but you stiff have guidance from the teachers
Because I can do it when I have the time to do it or want to do it, I can listen to the lectures faster and it just saves me a lot of time. I am also more motivated when I decide that i want to do something and not when I have to do it on a certain day at a certain point of time.
Easier
it’s more engaging and challenging, and it’s the coldest to physical classes
Interaction with other people
I enjoy being able to interact with my teacher and classmates and ‘recreate’ the classroom setting through an online platform! Otherwise it feels isolating. Also, learning material from the teacher directly is much more engaging then being assigned only readings and assignments without any actual real instructional time. 
You get to see your teacher and hear them speak. This makes it more engaging and you understand the information more clearly. Also it’s easier to ask questions
Actually feels like I’m still being taught and less on my own, definitely get more out of lessons taught in this way. 
It means I don’t miss anything the lecturer would’ve said in addition to slides in a real lecture which is what I take notes of instead of only the slides which aren’t as useful 
Because you can ask questions and get an immediate response. It also keeps you engaged and prevents distraction.
Because it’s the most interactive mode
Interaction with the lecturers and classmates better reflects the experience of the real life classroom
Can do in your own time but still interactive 
I can replay it whenever I want and also rematch a part of in case I didn't understand something 
Most similar to real life classes
Because it structures your time abd you can ask questions if in doubt.
Social interaction - I’m an extrovert
Given the fact that not everyone has the opportunity to join live classes, recorded lectures guarantee that all the students will have the opportunity to benefit from the teacher's lesson. Moreover, we have the chance to post doubts if any
. 
Able to discuss and ask questions straight away if we dont understand and is more interactive 
It is easier to structure my time when the materials are uploaded/emailed, which makes is easier to stay focused. It is my preferred mode as long as I get feedback from teachers.
The closest thing to actually having a seminar
Live sessions give students the ability to ask questions there and then to aid with understanding
Allows for better understanding and contribution of ideas
It’s more effective and it keeps me concetrated.
More like a normal lesson for me
The students have the chance to ask questions and everybody benefits.
It’s interactive - I learn best by doing and discussing the work in tutorials and with my lecturers and peers 
You get to ask questions, and work through a problem together without confusing explanations through email which you have to try and get your head round.
It’s the only one I have experienced and it’s worked pretty well as we can see clearly what we have to do and can email our teachers for help if we need it.
It feels more like you’re in back in the lecture hall
I don't like video chatting/ have a bad wifi signal sometimes and my laptop webcam isn't working, so talking with my class and tutor via messaging is easier for me. 
It is clear and well detailed, and i can still go back and rewatch content that i didn’t understand 
Don’t feel pressured into giving answers quickly 
With recorded sessions I can pause where I want and take time to fully understand the content,live classes are too fast paced for me.
Easy to follow. Can do at whatever time. Able to speed up recordings. 
Some of my teachers only use Meets as a way of getting support during lessons and not actually teaching through Meets. They upload materials onto Google Classroom and it lets me go at my own pace.
It can easily be paired with working in a shared doc or with emailed resources, however it is vital for effective learning to be able to ask questions and have a response immediately when covering new content,  and live classes are the best way to achieve this. 
Semi Human interaction and tries to replicate a classroom it best can
Easy and more accessible to all of the class
I feel I can manage my time better
More interaction 
Only mode we have
Most similar to physical classes at school. 
Because it’s the only one we’re offered
More flexible and I don’t have to be online at any certain time 

Makes it more serious
I don't like being in video calls.
It replicates the environment of a real classroom as much as possible and having set times that I need to log on and learn helps keep structure 
I like that I can watch it whenever  I want to + pause and rewind the video to take notes 
resembles the actual class then most 
Interaction is possible
I can do in my own time and pace
Live classes
I do a practice based Art degree and have had NO feedback on the direction of my work and have had no contact from teachers outside of emails which take about 3 weeks to get a reply for
Zoom is more effective for tutorials and workshops so you can ask the lecturer questions to help with your understanding. Whereas putting the audio up is good for lecturers. However I feel if we are going to learn from home there should be more tutorials and workshops.  
It is the most similar to what I would receive normally. Even with face-to-face teaching (most of) our lectures are recorded so we can review them later if needed. 
You are able to stop your lecture ,write something down and go on when you are ready...so you can make the most of your time!
It’s the only mode we use
better support 
It still enables you to speak directly to a teacher. Additionally there’s a sense of togetherness within the class, considering we haven’t seen each other for a while.
I'm free to decide how I want do to things
I find this method more useful as you can pause the video and take a moment to think about it, you have the material available for whenever you want and to follow your own rhythm but I think that it has to be complemented with online meetings at least once a week with the professor 
Because our teachers don't really structure/plan out work for  zoom meeting so they are mostly waste of time
I can take as much time as I need to fully understand the content 
I get more control over my own schedule, and I can fast-forward and pause the video to go at my own pace.
Because its the most similar to real tutorials
I am good at learning by myself at my own pace (so without e.g. having to pause the recorded lecture video to take a break or live classes)
I study better when participating and not just listening 
More efficient in terms of asking teachers questions 
You get to apply your knowledge and learn from others 
Feels much more interactive, we can participate and it’s much more similar to the classroom environment.
Being live allows me to maintain my usual university structure, and also allows me to interact with my lecturer. Also having other students attending the session at the same time makes it feel like you are learning as a group, even though we don't talk .
You can ask questions there and then and hold discussions. I feel like it’s the most like the classroom even though it will never be as good as that one to one teaching 
Can pause and have a break, doesn’t matter about WiFi cracking up as it’s live, so don’t miss anything.  Sometimes with lives lectures the screen can be blurry or lagged and with recorded lectures this doesn’t happen
Enables better understanding of material and feels like a face to face interaction
Even though recorded lectures were convenient, I missed seminar discussions and “face to face” chats with our tutors if we had any questions, etc. 
More room for discussion, sharing thoughts
Can interact with teachers and students easily to discuss what we’re learning
I had no live lessons
Didn’t experience it but I think it would’ve been more effective
interaction with teachers is easier
More efficient communication. Closest to actual classroom learning. 
Makes me pay more attention to what’s being taught
This seems to work the best, and it’s also convenient that you can easily rewatch later on
Because I find it is the most efficient, takes the least of my time as oppose to uploaded materials, which take longer to fully comprehend.
Keeps me on schedule. It is interactive.
It feels more engaging and has the option to be interactive 
Its interactive and i can ask my teacher whatever i want like classes at school
Creates some interaction between student and lecturer. I study Music at University so this enables some practical elements too which might not be as efficient through discussion forums and chats
More personable and easy to ask questions 
Natural interaction is key! Also, whoever teaches does it best when able to react to their audience. 
I can watch it in my own pace. 
Easier to engage. 
Interaction with the teacher and classmates
It allowed for class discussions to continue throughout online learning. If you were engaged it was almost like actually being there in class.
I haven’t experienced the other modes an I like the flexibility of self work 
Can take my time and pause it. Also I can do it whenever I like
Better explanation of the work and worked through examples rather than just set tasks. 
Live classes 
because you can ask the professor, if you didn’t understand, right away 
you don’t need to send an email or something 
The teacher can give a good explanation and I learn better when I see the teacher, not by uploaded documents. Also, zoom meetings are awkward! 
You can actually see people and teachers 
Because it keeps me engaged and at least I feel like I’m in class maybe 
It allows me to set my own time schedule - preventing any restrictions as a result of time constraints on the teachers part (e.g. a zoom call could probably only be held for 1 hour whilst work by email could contain entire powerpoints for you to go through as if the teacher was teaching over a longer time period)
As you can ask questions live, this was very handy for me as I have a lot of maths in my course 
You can ask questions directly to the lecturer and it will be explained there and then. It is also the closest thing to actually being in a room learning even if it is online. 
Of all options, this one feels closest to an actual classroom
The ability to ask questions live is more appropriate to my style of learning, it is more engaging 
Interaction with peers and tecahers

With recorded lectures, I am able to follow them at my own pace and watch them when I have time.
I can ask the teacher for help face to face when I need it 
I can work through at my own pace to make sure I understand everything but also gives me the chance to email teachers any questions I have. 
feels like tutors have to actually somewhat engage as opposed to uploading old documents with no input or feedback
My university uses a combination of all four methods, but it’s easier to understand assignments and concepts with a lecturer explaining in real time and answering questions 
Live classes are much more interactive and the lecturers can dedicate more time to those areas of the material that the student understand less. This isn’t possible during recorded lectures, from my experience, as they just rush through everything and don’t tailor their teaching to what would be more beneficial for the student.
It is more representative of a lesson in school, rather than just reading through information you are able to communicate with others and discuss the content/ask questions. 
I can rewatch at a later date if needed
i haven’t been offered anything else 
Real time motivation to do the classwork
Allows for more active learning and interaction
It allows me to ask questions
It is interactive and requires focused thinking
Interaction with classmates and teachers- I miss it!
Most of my instructors make sure that these lessons are interaction and sometimes even discussions. So we have room to do what we want to do while also getting time to ask, explore and learn for ourselves. 
Having someone physically explain the material to me is really useful, but when they do it over live chats things can move too quickly. I like being able to go back and take notes or review. 
It simulates usual class and allows me to listen, see, and write notes, which helps me remember the material more than a live video or uploaded notes. 
It's more interactive, and helps stay motivated as you are directly in relation with the teachers 
I can interact with my lecturers and ask questions if needed 
It easier to access and is available throughout the day and so can fit it around household chores.
Able to listen/take notes at own speed
Straight to the point / teaches me the content / can go at my own paste and rewind or speed up. It lacks student collaboration but I learn faster. Definitely does not encourage independent thought though. 
We can go back and pause if we need to (don't have it rn tho😭)
I prefer recorded lectures because I like to pause the video to take notes of everything important that can be hard sometimes if the teacher talks to fast and also if I dont understand something I can just go back and watch it again.
I can work wheni want, where I want and how fast or slow I want! 
I can re read it anytime i want
I can do it in my own time, I don't have to speak online to people, I have more control 
No pressure of being 'present' especially in a time like this. Not particularly a fan of having to feel the pressure of contributing significantly so I like to learn in my own time on my own.
It allows me to work on my own schedule 
Enables the teacher to explain better and you can ask questions.
It’s easier to communicate with my teachers through this mode
because in a lot of my lessons you just talk about various subjects in your personal life, or you have to pitch/present something to the rest of the class
Easier and because of commitments with family i find it hard to attend online classes
It’s more interactive and you can learn more by having more conversations rather than just not communicating and being emailed assignments instead
Because it is more or less the only one our university uses. 
you can work through it at your own pace/ when you want
I like to get involved and be able to discuss topics with my lecturer

I can do it in my own time but I am still getting ‘access’ to my lecturers. I study languages so hearing them speaking my target language helps 
More engagement and participation 
Because I can make all notes required 
Forces you into a schedule - you have to attend at a specific time
It gives me the motivation to be present at that time, rather than just leave it until later 
I don't have to make my own notes
It's easier to stick to a routine. Also you can ask questions the moment they arise.
so I can listen at my preferred speed and pause when needed. 
Can do it at my own pace. 
Allows me to work in my own time, effectively communicates large amounts of content 
Face to face and can ask questions whenever I like 
Direct contact with the teachers 
Allows me to do things at my own pace 
Easier to ask questions so learning quicker than having to email every time with questions
Makes me stick to a schedule and get some human interaction 
I can have contact with my teachers. When they just upload work for me to do they don't mark anything or give any feedback :(
It is so much easier to work at your own pace, especially with messed up sleep schedules 
1-1 interaction
More communication and proactive interactions
It helps me understand it more
Mixture of resources recorded lectures and then live classes
can take it at your own pace whilst having a teacher talk you through the work 
I benefit most from learning in a conversational way, and find a live call is easiest for teacher-student interaction and mimics a classroom dynamic
Because it allows for discussion and so you can ask questions to that are relevant at time. It also means you can ask for clarification rather than just being confused and later realising you were going at the question the wrong way.
You can work on your own tempo and watch the video in fast forward
You can receive live feedback from tutors 
It allows for questions and discussions to take place in real time allowing for better understanding of the subject and enabling us to ask questions freely 
I prefer this mode because it allows teachers to maintain a realistic view and thus not leave an unrealistic amount of workload, also it allows us, as students to make questions as soon as we have doubts and therefore we don’t have to wait as long as you would have, if you had to send an email.
A bigger sence of comunity
i like being able to ask questions in the moment and see other people as i don’t have small group seminars
It allows me to move at my own pace.
Can actually engage and it’s most like normal school. 
Interactive 
Can ask questions and get responses straight away 
I seem to remember things better when can discuss and easier to engage 
Allows me to work how and when I want to so if I begin to feel overwhelmed I can take a break and it doesn’t matter. 
Probably the closest thing you can get to face to face teaching. 
I prefer to work independently thus having to attend live classes interrupt with my productivity, especially in a a home setting where my attention is even more lackluster than in a classroom.
More focused and useful 
I can work through the material at my own pace
Interactive
You get to interact with your teachers and ask questions without a delayed response
More interactive
because they are live it makes me have to go to them, otherwise i just put it off
I can organize myself like I want I don’t have to attend lives classes early in the morning and I can choose when to work and by myself
I feel more connected to the teacher and I can ask questions about the topic they're explaining
You can discuss and ask questions but don’t have the embarrassment of people seeing you on live video
It feels like actually sitting in a classroom instead of being in your own at home. It motivates me more
Get better contact with the lecturer. Keeps you motivated to attend and keep up with work
I find it very hard to participate in and also concentrate on zoom lectures and I much prefer looking at the PowerPoint in my own tone rather than on zoom
Because I don't find watching my teacher on a screen very engaging 
You get a better understanding when some talks about a subject
This way of studying encourage students to built a conversation with teachers about different topics.Also might be a good way to know your real understanding of different concepts.
Our teacher can answer our questions and involve us in real time. There’s an opportunity for collaboration that makes live classes incredibly similar to IRL classes
Don't trust my family not to start a screaming match during a live lesson 

Because there is still some level of discipline involved and I don’t have an option to procrastinate really 
I understand the theme of the lecture better this way. 
More communication and support available instantly 
Easy to use and allows the class to run like normal
Social interaction ability to ask questions and feels more like a normal lesson
Having a teacher explain something face to face has always been easier for me + they can do exercises with you or help you directly - you don’t have to wait for an e-mail reply. This is helpful since when you’re emerged in « the zone » and you’re working efficiently, having live feedback is so much easier then having to wait. When you wait, you sometimes forget what you were stuck with (it’s just less effective).
Easy to pause and go back when you don’t catch something first time; you can stop and write down an adjacent topic the professor has made you think of, flag up something for review later, without missing any content
Because it is closely similar to when having lectures and tutorials in person 
Recorded lectures are boring and impersonal and there is a need to pause and write everything down but with zoom lectures = better interaction and easier to ask questions + participation, which means I feel like I understand the content better
More interactive and easier to engage with the lecturer and my peers
Because if I have any questions I can ask the teacher immediately and not to wait hours for a respond. The teacher explains way more better and she/he can show materials and other supplies that could help us understand the lesson better.
You get to actually listen to the teacher and see them but they cannot see you. 
As a person dealing with social anxiety I learn much better this way because I'm not as stressed out as I am when in class.
i like being able to ask questions
It’s easier to ask questions and harder to get distracted
This way I can learn at my own pace.
It is very obvious what you have to do and it’s all already there for you 
Because I can go back if I don’t understand something or replay it a lot of times, I feel less anxious and find that this method works better than live classes for some subjects
I can work independently
Can be sped up or paused as needed to take notes. Feel like my learning is more efficient this way
More personal 
I'm more of a  visual/kinetic learner so find interactive tea thing more beneficial compared with just learning from online PowerPoint or textbook 
Its more convenient because you can watch the lecture when you feel like it
I have the possibility to consult the material everytime I need it
It‘s more interactive & therefore easier to remember, associate with other terms or concepts, live discussions help w/ taking on other perspectives and being able to dive a lot deeper into certain topics
Because it does not allow me to procrastinate 
explanations are clearer
Can discuss content with teachers 
I get to ask questions live
easier to follow
Technology often fails and it is the only mode that I am used to
I take in the knowledge more as if it was a normal lesson, instead of missing something and getting distracted.
Interaction!
Because there is pressure to do work. I always forget to contribute to discussion boards 
Easier to do work when it is scheduled
It would allow us to interact with the teacher and to ask questions and check understanding.
Interaction with teachers
It’s so much easier when things are being explained verbally
It’s the most engaging and is the most like normal lessons
If I have any questions, the teacher can answer it immediately and it is like normal school lessons. 
It forces me to sit and engage rather than put off things or get distracted 
You still have independence to organise time but it's easier to understand work as it's being explained to you.
I can study at my own pace and feel less pressure than in a live class. 
it's easier to grasp more difficult concepts, considering i take science subjects, as it is being actively explained to me, and i'm allowed to pause and/or rewind the videos to take notes or to go back over a concept i wasn't sure about. 
It feels more personal and direct, easier to understand
more interactive teacher can explain in depth
It’s the easiest way for me to understand the content
It has more room for debate and engagement in class than the others
I find online lessons quite stressful, I prefer to correspond by email.
Can go through the material at my pace
Its a form of human contact 
More engaging
The people who want to turn up will and so discussion will be more in depth and engaging 
I can listen to them whenever I want (e.g. When I am more focused) 
Convienent but still being taught
There is no lag, able to study at my own speed
I can see the courses later

I can access them when they suit me and pause things or revisit them at anytime so the learning is personalised.
it's a schedule meeting and you HAVE to do it
Interactive, would motivate me to do my work at a set time
For my most difficult class this past semester (physics), having a recorded lecture allowed me to be able to take notes at my own speed along with the professor as well as re-watch material whenever I needed it. This also allowed me to work at my own pace, which was helpful because I had a number of other things to do for my other classes.
To have some human interaction in my day otherwise I feel completely isolated and alone
I study Sign language interpreting wich is hard/impossible to practise without seeing eachother. Therefor zoom has been a great platform!
Allows time to work through the content at your own pace and think of questions and discussions for the following tutorial 
I am able to complete the work at a time suitable to my own routine with quick and easy access to resources.
Because you get the material explained on the spot and it is easy and quick to ask questions and to have them answered. 
Able to ask questions and physically see the professor
Ask clarifying questions
I can complete it in my own time and at my own pace
Enables full explanation from teacher/academic expert and allows any questions to be resolved immediately.
Enables full explanation from teacher/academic expert and allows any questions to be resolved immediately.
You can talk to the teacher in person
It allows for active engagement and more of a natural classroom setting in which you also have set class times (any recorded lectures I have had on the other hand, have been heavily procrastinated on)
Im more focused
The chance to ask questions and challenge yourself into thinking from other perspectives. Also we just get to have chatty-style lessons which is appreciated in these times
More interaction
easy to learn from, can be paused but also have to be active in learning
Watch anytime
It's easier to communicate with lecturers and have a discussion. I'm a Fine Art major with only 12 people on my course so it's not too hard to have a discussion on zoom without everyone talking over each other etc.
Simulates a real lesson
A bit more engaging
More engaging 
Lack of concentration during the zoom lectures
Allows the teacher to actually teach you and convey the ways in which you should be approaching the content as opposed to you trying to teach yourself everything.
I can fit the work in around my schedule, but still have that benefit of a teacher actually explaining it to me
It’s easier to follow and understand since the professor is speaking 
Way more interactive and learning has more of a structure
You can go back to it at any time
Forced to do it 
you can work through it at your own pace, no pressure, teachers are always there via email if you need any help
Forced to do the work in that set time frame. It is more interactive and engaging and easy to ask for help
I’m more motivated to watch/show up
Because it's like a normal class
It allows me to take my class whenever I want or stop it or repeat something I didn’t quite understand the first time. Furthermore I am working for another professor at my Uni and my lectures sometimes overlap with hers so I need to be available to do my job for her.
We actually have both. So we need to listen to recorded lectures before our live meetings. So if you didn’t understand something that was said in de recorded lecture, you can ask it during the live meeting. I really do like that combination.
More interactive and feels more normal 
You are able to engage with the lesson more, have more focus as there is teacher, you are able to ask questions and more.
It makes collaboration easier + and I miss the community of a class
Interactive, easier to concentrate a& engage 
Interactive 
Actually able to ask questions to my tutors in real time
I have been set recorded videos before but they are difficult to concentrate in, with set work I just do it at my own pace 
Just used to it i guess
Because it simulates the university experience best
They are more straight to the point. Instead of people distracting one another on live classes
Interactive 
I like to see everyone and it feels most like a normal lesson, also the work set for the time frame is more accurate.
Generally formed more like a lecture and provides the necessary information for the degree, instead of shifting through endless resources for the same information. 
I can interact properly with the teacher and the lesson
That’s the way it’s always been done. It also means I get to engage with the materials in my own time 
Resembles normal teaching more closely, I am an audio/visual learner so hearing it explained aloud helps me to understand and retain information 
Less awkward and can access at any time
It allows me to pause and play to make sure I get all the information I need.
The interactivity is much more valuable for my learning and processing of concepts. 
real life interaction, debates, questions can be asked, discussions....
I still feel like I’m learning in a similar way since I can sit and spend the time on a lecture with the lecturers input 
Can rewind/ speed up and study at own pace 
I can focus my time on the work at hand, instead of waiting through a slow and tedious zoom class that takes up more time than necessary 
Pre recorded videos allow me to structure my time accordingly with the routines of my family, it means that if I’m in the middle of doing productive work I don’t need to stop to go watch a video which is live.
Discussion with professors/classmates is the best way to be engaged with and understand the material. 
Allows easier interactions between teachers and students, compared to having to learn content independently 
Can go through it at my own pace
Easy to follow
It makes everything more organised. I'm getting lost at all the live chats and need more structure to stay motivated. 
You can communicate with the teacher
I don’t like any of them, but at least this way I can watch on my own time and pause when I need to or watch on double speed. It offers me the most flexibility, but again, I haven’t found a single method of online learning that I’ve enjoyed so far. 
Because I do the tasks by myself and I feel free to take breaks
Having scheduled classes makes you more motivated to work because you’re being held accountable unlike with recorded classes where you can just miss them and nobody will know
Because it feels more like real seminars than working through material by yourself
Ensures Routine and highlights problems in real time
Easier to follow along and I find I'm more motivated when courses were conducted this way
I can see it more than once
forces you to pay more attention, is much more scheduled, can get help much more easily
Easy to keep up with, can pause and replay parts
More time to answer questions individually with any work set
It’s good to see people, my teachers and be able to talk to them face to face, and it’s also easier to express problems than over email.
It's just great, it feels like we're in the classroom and also very important, we could ask doubts and they will be cleared at that very moment (sorry for the bad English 😬)
Cause I can see what is going on and is easier to have the slides/information there for me to add to or change. It is even more ideal when they send these out and do a live chat at the same time going over it all like in a normal lecture
I can learn at my own pace 
It’s because it means I can go back through stuff at my own pace and really make sure I’m learning and making notes of everything. BUT I only like it when it’s  done via a company which KNOWS how to maleness online lectures - my actual uni’s online lectures are awful because they’re just previous year’s lectures which have been re-uploaded to Echo, meaning that we don’t get the most out of them because they’re only designed to be rewatched if you missed the lecture irl, not to be learnt from.
Simple and can be looked at in my own time 
It is harder to concentrate during online lectures so it is cool to be able to go back to a certain topic you didn't get the first time. Also many professors seem to be quite uncomfortable with zoom.
I also like zoom, but recorded lectures (combined with q&a sessions) provide me with the possibility to learn the material at my own speed. Working with zoom lessons, I often struggle to keep concentrated. 
I can do it whenever I am free. 
Because you can connect with people and bounce of each other 
Because i can go back to the class anytime i want or if i miss it, i can watch it online. 
Able to ask questions in real time with teacher present 
It gives me enough time to prepare myself as well as a lot of freedom. I can choose when I want to do what, for how long etc. 
Because i think that people are alredy going trought enough and studying isn't and shouldn't be the first thing on their mind. This way, in my school, everything was kinda easy and the teacher were really nice and wanted to help with everything. 
I find it easier to explain my question by talking than writing it down and easier to understand answer if it is spoken to me rather than written down in an email 
That's the only one we've had 😂
I can interact with my teacher easily 
You get to study in your own time, when it suits you and you get the time to process all the information handed to you.
Because you can do everything at your own pace.
Because it’s the closest to normal face to face teaching 
It is easier to schedule your day based on your preferences. Recorded lessons can be slowed down or speed up depending on the lecturer’s voice and pace. It allows me to focus better and break the material more efficiently. 
You can ask the teachers question and they are answered straight away. I also feel connected to the class 
More freedom to go back over lectures, freedom to create one’s own schedule
It best mimics the in class environment 
It gives more opportunities for discussing and bouncing ideas off of other students
Ability to ask questions live and have conversations, but you are able to go back and look at the responses
This is the only mode of online teaching I have experienced
So that you could look back if you don’t understand and also having it in our own speed
You can ask the teacher questions and you don't have to wait long for a response 
Interactive and more engaging, more likely to focus with less opportunity for procrastination. As you have to engage with the content there and then if it is a live zoom call/ meeting. 
Interactive, actually allows me to talk to my professors and ask questions I have in real time. 
I like to be present when the lecture actually is being given because if I skip it and have to watch the recorded version I tend to procrastinate more. However, having them recorded is also helpful to rewatch something you didn’t understand.
It is more engaging and easier to be on time with everything 
They are easy to follow along you can go back if you don’t understand and go at your own pace 
Can ask questions directly 
I like that I get to interact with my peers and professors. My courses are primarily discussion based so live classes allow us to have discussions. We also use breakout rooms in Zoom so we can have small group discussions which makes it seem more like normal in person class.
I feel as though I benefit more from it
Being able to interact with teachers in the moment. Sending emails can become tedious and response time is long. 
Easier mode of communication with my teacher if I have any problems or questions, easier for them to get across to the class the context we are learning 
It’s more personal and i can get on with it myself without pressure from others
It’s all there for me to do as I please
I can wait well independently and ask for help off friends or teacher by text 
Most interactive 
Can do it whenever you like, less internet issues and just like being in class, can go at your own pace and ask questions after 
I like to work independently/ at my own pace
More straight forward way of getting assignments without conversation going off topic irrelevantly by other students 
I like interaction with people- I find live chats etc and forums kind of isolating
Because, the teacher can go through the course better and we get a better understanding from it.
Live classes are most similar to actual classes in school and the instructor can for the most part conduct a regular lesson.
I like being present when others ask questions during the class that I may not be thinking about myself, but when they ask the question I find it really helpful. This can't happen with recorded lectures and online posted materials. 
It’s much easier to engage with as it’s harder to get distracted, and if I have questions I can easily ask them 
Is far more interactive and engaging. Is greater opportunity to ask questions and gain answers in real time 
Zoom
It makes it a commitment to attend the lectures in a way that pre-recorded lectures don’t, as you can watch them whenever. Helps me reduce procrastination. 
Live interaction with tutors, proper engagement in the content 
We get to ask questions and we get to know if we understood or not
Because you can listen to the lessons in the moment that you prefer
engaging and provides ability to speak directly with teacher
Teachers can explain information in more depth and you can ask questions more easily 
The teacher can teach and explain concepts face to face and so I don't feel lost.
I feel like it would help classes engage in work together and it would help us as pupils understand the work better, it would also help people who Are not doing the work
Social interaction 
It is the closest possible format of online learning to face to face learning
it’s easier to ask your teachers questions on things you don’t understand in “person” than in an email ,but also having live lectures forces to keep up with the work as well as having a reason to get out of bed.
I like having the feel of face to face interaction with a teacher and peers...also the idea of having a set deadline and time to be present really works for me...I've found how big a role enforced routine with school played to help maintain my motivation...
Personally I only have live classes but I always record them because it helps me to revise and comprehend the subject better
You can easily do the work at youre own speed, pausing the Video or watch parts back to understand the topic. I can listen to them when ever I want, and can crate my own schedule.
You get to ask questions, easier to understand 
I really like interacting with people! Seeing my classmates/professor made my classes seem more real and tangible. 
More interaction, questions can be asked and you feel more inclined to actually keep up and complete work
I prefer being able to watch recorded lectures and then join dicussions wil already formed knowledge as I can ask questions about a topic I already have an insight into.
I like the continuity as it’s very similar to before everything was online and we can always email lectures with questions or issues
I can pause the video if confused 
Most relaxed and fluid 
You can have more discussion unlike when work is uploaded or emailed
You can complete it at any time. 
It is flexible.
It forces me to actually watch the classes and stay on track
I work better at my own pace and being able to read material helps me. 
More engaging and the encouragement from lecturers and fellow peers to do the reading/content 
I find it a lot easier to watch or listen to someone rather than read it myself 
I would love having good live classes in which not only questions are answered, but the learning material is also discussed. I prefer recorded lectures because they are straight to the point and explain material in a short, effective way. Only downside is that you can't easily ask questions. 
I can go back an rewatch the lecture 
I can watch back at my own rythm. In live classes I normally record them and watch them back because I need time to process the information
It is the closest version to the classroom I can achieve from home while being able to complete the work set at my own pace.
In person classes
It’s the most interactive, I think I would be more focused and would work harder than if I was working alone because of support of other students and staff, as well as the pressure to be engaged.
I like the flexibility of being able to choose when to do the work as opposed to at a specific time
Can watch back if don’t understand material and can do in own time 
Because you can chat and say your opinion as when you were in class
I am now accustomed to the online tool of google hangout ,and have only used this platform for online school 
Because you can go through at your own pace when it's convenient to you, but with a proper explanation the text book doesn't give.
This gives me the possibility to replay certain topics which we get told about in class. You can take everything at your own pace and are not relying on your classmates.
Recorded Lectures give more details than only the notes and makes it easier to follow.
I prefer more interaction with the instructor. (eg by asking questions during the lecture) 
Because it is the only mode I have used this past months
It’s easier to understand what the teacher is saying or what they want you to do.
You can go at your own pace which wasn’t as easy for some at school 
When the classes are live I am much more likely to actually focus during the lesson. With pre recorded classes i lose focus very quickly.
You can pause it whenever you want. So you can study at your own pace
I don’t think live classes work for me, because I get distracted very easily and emailed or uploaded materials gives me the freedom to work at my own pace. Also, I like to manage my time and I really prefer working autonomously.
Easy and I don’t mind teaching myself 
More direct and interactive 
Because i can ask questions as i’m learning
My course has a combination of Pre-recorded Lectures and Live Tutorials via Zoom. I do prefer Live classes because it allows me to interact with my classmates and tutors (breakout rooms, sharing whiteboard/screen, etc.)
It’s the most similar to real life teaching, questions can be solved at the moment 
Short, concise, able to ask questions immediately and not have anxiety about reading feedback
Because of the availability to watch all the times needed and in the prefered time.
Live classes are really helpful but I feel that recorded lectures and videos are important in case you have to miss the lesson for a specific reason. It’s also useful to look back at to make sure you’re achieving all aims of the assignment that you have been given.
i can ask questions during the lesson rather than email afterwards 
You get to interact with class members and teachers in real time, and the lessons feel much more tailored to you than a recorded video. 
Because sometimes my internet connection does not work properly
I can access at anytime, and because sometimes I don't have a stable internet connection
Can discuss things and it feels like a classroom environment 
Explain topics a lot better 
It's easier to understand something when someone is actually explaining orally rather than only reading it
It simulates a learning environment
ita easier to understand information when its delivered face to face 
i can work at my own pace
Not alot of people join on the zooms
I work to a schedule that is comfortable and convenient for me whilst still receiving the benefit of lecture content 
More structure than recorded lectures which you can watch at any time so less procrastination
Because it is very hard to constantly concentrate on live classes, but when it is recorded, you can pauze the video when you are distracted.
Closest to an in-person lecture 
able to actively participate and ask questions!
Teachers were able to upload content directly suited to our needs and syllabus whereas textbook material is not as syllabus specific (online platforms for live classes were not permitted in my school) 
Can be watched over to improve understanding 
I can pause to take notes
I can directly ask questions, but without emailed material I can't really do much 
It's the most similar to normal classes, and you can ask questions and get Answers immediately! 
Because I still feel like I am having a lesson in person but I’m not and I’m actually learning from my teacher this way. 
As it is live it motivates me to join there and then, if left to my own devices to catch up on prerecorded lectures I’d struggle to find motivation. 
this method allows me to understand the information more effectively 
You can go back easily and listen again 
Because it allows me to go back and watch anything I need to, and make as specific notes as I can and ask questions on things I don’t understand 
It allows you to get much more material than with just a call with the professor 
I feel anxious going on a zoom call 
It's nice to have discussions and debates with teachers particularly as I do RS and history.
Structured but own pace
Clear what you need to do and no technical difficulties
In direct conversation with teacher and in live time - the teacher is aware of the amount of work we are able to complete during the lesson
Can be done at anytime but still get teacher instructions and explanations
It is easiest to understand and download

Find zoom calls intimidating at times
Being able to interact with my peers and teachers to help build upon my current knowledge 
Because you get to discuss and cooperate with others
Helpful to listen to the teacher explain but I can pause and don’t have the pressure of them asking me questions
Then I could manage my time by myself 
It's easy to access and I am able to go at my own pace.
Gives your day structure and you’re forced to stay engaged/concentrate 
i prefer recorded lectures as im able to replay whatever it is and we were given time to really understand it plus gain some ideas and questions to share with other during another class.
It’s more interactive and I get the information verbally which is better personally
This is very visual and interactive which is good for doing a fashion course. It means you can show examples and have class discussions. 
Convenient 
It is efficient and you can understand the assignment you need to do. 
I work at a fast pace and find live lessons slow me down from completing my work quickly, however I understand some lessons require engagement and am willing to participate in them. 
I am able to watch a video more than once and can concentrate on every detail
I prefer talking to people face to face. 
You can learn in your own time, and I am able to get the core pieces of knowledge that I need before doing a zoom/ discussion lesson.
Because with its limits it’s The most interactive way
Because it fells more like being in the real classroom and you can be active and ask cuestions
It allows me to learn at my own pace and pause/replay when needed. 
I can ask questions easier
A lot more control, easier to organise work
Replicating face to face contact, able to talk to tutors
When it is live I can directly ask questions and Live classes bring structure in my day
Easier to ask questions, you have to show up for class so it gives you some motivation, your teacher teaches you something instead of you having to figure it all out by yourself as you have to do when you just get assignments, nice to see/hear your class and teacher
Get to communicate with teachers 
You can access it whenever you can and work on your own pace 
Because it is harder to follow live classes
I get anxious using Zoom and having meetings over video call... I understand why it’s used but for some reason they just fill me with dread! I’d much rather have the material uploaded so I can look at it myself and then contribute into a forum. 
I think it's easier, but also quicker than online classes where the teacher has to stop every two minutes to answer 20 questions at a time.... yeah.
Because it’s really similar to actually attending class and I tend to find it more appealing than studying uploaded/emailed materials on my own.
work can be set for the whole week so I can plan ahead and that makes me less stressed 
Because I can pause and rewind and take my time to really process the information
Easier to directly communicate with teachers 
Deep legal of understanding and ability to form more solid judgments 
Because as an international student, it helps me to interact with my fellow students and practice English. It also takes less time compared to independent studying.
Because I don't like to teach myself, even when I have materials that help me get the new topics. I prefer someone to talk to so that I can ask questions. It feels more like normal school to me.
It felt the most like being in an actual classroom 
more engaging
Because I can look back at the material whenever I find it hard or I didn't understand it fully.
You can ask your teacher questions in that moment and get a further explanation of it while if it’s a recorded video or email it is sometimes harder to do this.
Allows for stricter routine, more likely to actually watch them!!
I can choose to work at my preferred time of day
At a set time so I'm more likely to engage
It is the only mode I have used
It gave us the opportunity to view the class at our convenience and time to consider questions before asking. 
it’s the closest resemblance to real lessons and replicates the classroom feel relatively well
I can actually learn instead of stressing and teaching myself content.
It allows discussion and questioning that allows a deeper understanding than other methods of teaching
Live classes: Because you immediately get an answer to your question. It also creates a rutine, when you have to join a meeting at a certain time. Also misunderstandings are less likely, when a teacher gives an appointment. Lastly, it's very nice to see friends through online classes on a daily basis - it makes me feel less lonely:)
Makes me feel somewhat productive. If it was all just online lectures recorded I’d do no work
Easier to procrastinate :/
It is easier to communicate with the teacher
I'd probably feel awkward doing a live class online, but it's probably better to have more 'contact' with teachers
I’m working a full-time job at the moment so wouldn’t be able to attend classes that have live lectures during the day. Also, though this doesn’t affect me as I’m in the same time zone as my uni, I think it’s unfair to expect students scattered across different time zones to join a live lecture in the middle of the night.
Get more contact time with lecturers and can ask them questions in person
It’s easier to take notes and understand 
It’s easier to ask questions in a live class rather than a recorded one
Because in case you've missed something or need to hear the explanation again you can always go back and watch the part of the video where the professor is explaining that particular thing. It's also super helpful with the videos where teachers solve exercises.
Actually makes you do work, can ask teacher questions, can get instant feedback, as a language student I can practise speaking and listening 
Easier to understand, with some explanation of the content
Because it can be accessed at any time in the day and allows the teacher to explain a concept easily. 
Asynchronous modes of teaching allow everyone to work how they prefer. Live classes in this contexts are just unnecessary.
More interactive - you can ask questions in real-time and it feels like a normal classroom environment 
You can ask questions directly to the lecturer and it will be explained there and then. It is also the closest thing to actually being in a room learning even if it is online. 
Because my professors keep changing times. Making it confusing
It is more interactive and allows for instant feedback.
Can ask questions whilst being explained 
can watch in my own time
it is the only thing my college have offered and i haven't experienced anything else. 
You have more control over learning
Easier to interact and ask questions and get an instant answer. Also feels more like normal face to face lecture.
I can study and understand on my own the lesson and then ask questions if I need to. During online class, the professor just takes so much more time to explain anything to everyone and people are disturbed so they ask to repeat and the entire class is a mess
I'm a visual learner so videos help me understand the topics without wasting any time, which usually happens during live classes
I like the face-to-face contact, and I know I wouldn’t watch the lectures if my presence wouldn’t be monitored
I feel more apart of the experience when we have live classes as to when I am emailed work to do with little to no guidance.
I feel that it most closely resembles what an actual lecture is like, I feel like I’ve been robbed of a university experience in so many ways that this would be a small consolation for all of the mess we’ve been subjected to this year (strikes etc). 
It’s really good for interactive purposes (being able to ask questions and inquire in more detail)
Watch it in my own time and I feel more focused being able to pause the videos and properly understand things 
You can ask any questions and get a response straight away
I study music performance so have to have live instrumental lessons because it would be impossible to learn otherwise!
because it’s more interactional and the other colleges i see doing it are learning a lot more successfully than us just copying off a powerpoint 
I can go at my own pace, create my work how I like to (i.e. make notes on paper & organise it better) and can still ask for help if I need it. Also because I haven’t experienced it any other way!
Can pause and start when you want to - make more use of the material given to you
More interactive and more personal (most like classroom teaching)
More interactive 
You can go back to it if missed, easier to catch up with!
Allows me to go back over the information being taught and to go at my own pace to ensure that I don’t miss anything out. 
Closest to in-person interaction/lecture while still accessible to different timezones
Can interact live with teacher and class but no pressure with having to speak/be seen in your house!
Interaction with teaches will mean I can understand things better, just someone explaining things helps 
It's the only one where I have a sense of instant connection with my tutor and peers
Only more available 
It is the best method to emulate the real classroom experience
Being able to pause and work at your own pace
it makes me concentrate a lot more because the teachers make sure you are listening and i just understand the content more when it’s being talked through with me.
Gives me a structure to my day when I have to attend a live class 
It allows you to ask questions live
I can do the work at my own pace and time. I can have my own routine.
Less pressure and gives you more time to go over material thoroughly 
Live classes are quite exhausting and tiring, as you need to be concentrated all the time and sometimes background noises/slow internet connection are making it more difficult to understand. Uploaded material allows me to work independently and at any time I want.
Better explanations this way
it is much easier to wrap your head around the more difficult a level content when you have someone explain it to you, even via recorded lecture rather than worksheets and emailed materials
Allows more questions to be asked in a more informal way whilst allowing a similar structure to that we are used to from in person classes
I can have my own schedule and study when I want
I like that it’s more flexible than live classes, it means that I have more control over my study schedule especially in these chaotic times
It gives me time to work at my own pace
It’s easier to communicate and ask questions

Because I can organise my schedule better when I have assignment.
Videos allow you to pause and make notes, and you do not have to answer questions on the spot like in live classes
It gives the most interaction and most like normality 
It’s the most similar way in relation to actual lessons 
I get chance to fully understand the material before moving on 
On a personal level, these live classes are enjoyable as they allow me to connect with my teachers and classmates and help to uphold some sort of connection to school life within my new routine. They make it easier to preserve focus and structure in this new type of school day. Academically speaking, I find it much easier to take in and comprehend information when it is explained directly by my teacher and I have a chance to ask questions and engage with the material. Having a teacher there to push me and ask me questions I might not have previously considered allows me to grow more academically than if I was working on the material on my own. 
It motives me the most to participate and makes engagement with the other students possible. It is also much quicker to get feedback.
The social aspect with all my friends
You still get face to face contact 
I would feel like I am actually learning something and could interact with teachers

It’s easy and you can pause and rewatch it. You can also change speed of video
Can actually actively engage
Haven’t had experience of video calls or recorded lectures at all, but uploaded material is easy to follow and work through. There is less discussion but I think I would find it difficult to fully develop ideas with people if I wasn’t in the classroom setting.
I am an auditory learner and learn best from audible materials, so videos and online lectures are best for me
No distractions. Can pause and take notes. 
Gives you more motivation to actually do the lectures, there’s less structure when doing the recorder lectures 
Can learn at my own pace given that I find it hard to stick to a routine and get distracted by other things very easily. Zoom class and discussion boards really just allow for application or clarification of that knowledge learnt. 
I can replay as many times as I want to understand
I am an independent worker and I like to just get on with the work and try to teach myself.
More personal and similar to standard teaching 
Since I would be able to reflect on what we have learnt during the lessons prior to online learning and also the online lessons we had during online learning. It helped to reinforce the information that I had learnt and made me study more and understand the lessons more efficiently to be able to produce the best assignment I can.
Interactive and feels normal
Beceause you can have a real live discussion about the topic
Because I can chose when I want to watch the lectures and there is no set time I guess
It is a lot more motivating and gives you a time to go through each of the lectures
U can pause and rewind and alter the speed and watch over and it’s also semi face to face 
I find that I can then work at my own pace in the time I want . 
More structured and less technical issues occur
Contact with teacher
Because it allows for more freedom (regarding paying attention, the way we learn the lesson, and the way we organize ourselves), which I really like. It also gives me the possibility to do additional research more easily, and I can always ask my teacher questions. But overall, my favorite aspect is just the freedom it gives me
More like an actual class environment. Can ask questions have group discussions in real time 
Because it allows us to work on our own, be independent and come foward if we have any doubts
- The ability to access and re-access in your own time (You might miss a point during a Live Class and then you're unable to go back, also there's a pressure to try and write notes whilst also contributing, which can lead to things being easily missed)
- Allows students to work at their own pace 
- More accessible for student's with mental health conditions (eg. anxiety disorders), who may struggle to attend and contribute during live sessions
- Less awkward (There is just something quite weird and uncomfortable sometimes about the live class format, it feels somehow more obvious if you haven't contributed and your constantly forced to analyse and think about your own contribution to the session)
- Feels the most like the traditional university experience
- Students learn better at different times of day, and so forcing some students to wake up early to engage in a session might be utterly useless to them bc they are able to focus/concentrate much better later on in the day, recorded lectures allow students to tailor their learning experience to what best fits them

Interactive 
Just easier to look at when needed 
As close to being in person as you can
I find I work better with someone else teaching me, rather than an email, especially for centain subjects such as a language, therefore I prefer video or recorded 
can be referred back to as many times as i want which is better than a live call, but uploaded materials as well would be good
As we can learn from our own teacher and ask questions when topics are being explained to us. 
Can have conversation and ask questions 
Interaction with teacher and classmates
You can ask questions live and also interact with other students in small group discussions
It gives us a chance to ask questions in real time when our tutors are explaining something. This helps by ensuring that the tutors clarify something that they haven't explained properly or need to elaborate because they’ve been too brief. Having live classes also means that tutors can add anything into the presentation and resources, which they share afterwards, if they feel like during the live class they haven’t included something which we may need to write an assignment on. 
I can take time to fully understand the topic and pause the video to take notes or process the information 
Recorded videos are a waste of time as lectures could’ve just uploaded their original notes, saves time when it’s just uploaded documents. 
You can talk and ask questions
It's live so we can intereact witch teachers, asking at the same time...
powerpoint lessons and videos
I find it is the most similar to the real face to face lecture teaching I was getting before covid19, and I can watch the recorded lectures in my own time, which is very useful now that I’m at home and my schedule is different
It feels like you’re more invested and can be involved in collaborative discussion. Also it’s fun to be around people!
Because in pre recorded videos professors tend to  rush through the video really quickly (and therefore have one explanation, if you do not understand it, that is really sucks) or professors take more time than the original lecture time. I have experienced both. Plus we were given extra assignments for every course so it was intense to say the least. In one class the professor recorded the grammar and gave us exercises and we discuss the exercises live and she explains everything in depth that is unclear
Constent feedback and support live 
I would find a video much more useful than typed intrusions as a visual learner I find it harder learn a brand new topic by just reading the email sent out 
Live
I prefer live lessons because you have to follow your class at a specific time. When I have to watch prerecorded lectures it sometimes take me a couple hours to watch a 1,5h lecture which isn’t very efficient.
I enjoy discussion forums as I was able to use them to further my learning- they motivated me to watch the lectures in advance so I was able to engage with my lecturers far more than I would do for any other module! 
The teacher can explain the content and also show power-points/support documents in general and we can easily ask our doubts and get the answer faster
Keeps me focussed and allows me to ask questions and better understand concepts
Can watch at your own pace. 
•works with my course better, I think different methods work better for different courses 
Encourages genuine participation rather than passive learning.
Zoom
It's more engaging, I often zone out in my lectures
learning without needing to speak
More engaging and you do it
Can do it at my own pace and when I want to, because for my maths a level we have done some zooms but honestly I find them a bit stressful knowing I’ve got to have finished my other work by then and be ready. I know that sounds stupid though because at sixth form we obviously had set lessons but teachers are setting more work than I could get done in the “hour” lesson that we would have had at college and that plus regular revision is piling up so I like being able to do it at my own pace. Sorry for the long explanation rant thing 😂 oh and I’ve just come back to add to this about the fact that we had to do our mocks at home which was very stressful 😂
I’m still an essential worker so it allows me to juggle my schedule 
You have time to study one subject and then talk about that with the professor 
It implies real time response and actual interaction and feedback enabling the student to further ask questions regarding the answers if they didn’t understand them first hand from the answer sheet.
Getting real time feedback, holds me accountable to attend and participate 
I can go at my own pace without feeling rushed unlike in a video where, yes I can pause it, but if I find myself pausing it every 10 seconds I feel unmotivated to continue because I feel like I’m lagging behind
My degree is project oriented, meaning we need a lot of feedback on our work to progress. Live classes allow us to get direct feedback from our tutors/lecturers/classmates and allows us to see how classmates are progressing, which often inspires our own work 
Allows for independent study
It’s easier if someone you are used to is teaching you, rather than just being given work online 
It most resembles a class in person.
Easier to take my own notes and I can play it back as much as I like as supposed to a live class that I cant 
Good discussion, more social contact 
I am able to ask the teacher questions and be social.

Help is actually available when you need it rather than several hours or days later and it allows me to focus more even when we work independently 
more personal 
Greater interaction with classmates and closest to the original format of teaching
Because I can talk and exchange with my teachers easily 
good to ask questions, feels interactive and the chat option adds a new level of discussion not seen in seminars in real life
Because I can learn at any time.sometimes I like to learn at morning sometimes at evening so when it’s recorded I just can watch it or listen it when it fits me into my day.and also I can return to it or play it again when I didn’t catch something. 
Time for Good Discussion 
I don't like watching videos because I feel like I have to rewatch parts because I miss something and I'm easily distracted. I'd rather be able to read and highlight information and be instructed this way.
It is hard to understand written material and not knowing what are you supposed to do without having someone that explains to you while you go step by step 
More helpful 
Quite an independent worker
Live classes were only offered for one module where I knew the dynamic of the class didn’t suit my learning so having these zoom classes recorded where I could watch after was definitely better for my learning and time management 
I can use my time more productively
easier to get feedback or ask questions 
Because I can just chill I mean I don’t love it and perder going to school but I just sit n listen and I get to interact as well 
Replicates the classroom environment with the benefit of doing the work when was convenient for me alongside my shifts at work
Allows to ask questions in real time as they would come to you
Most like a classroom situation 
Can have content explained in sufficient detail 
It’s more effective to eliminate confusion as the teacher goes over the study material and explains any concepts which they think could present challenges to us as students.
Can be done at a time that suits 
Can ask teacher directly for clarification and receive feedback 
2x speed. stopping + reading up on things i don't understand. overall = comprehend more in 1 go.
Easy to organise and it is all in the one place abd easy to access.
Interactive 
because students can still interact and ask questions, and it feels more real when I know we listen to the same thing at the same time
It get's me more motivated and reminds me of the people( my classmates ) with whom I am going through this pandemic . It makes me feel less lonely , I guess😉.
You then still have the ‘live interaction’ part, and you can still ask your question sort of face-to-face.
It seems more like a classroom setting
I really benefitted from being able to pause videos and replay parts that I didn't understand
Can ask questions
It’s much easier to take take notes as you can rewind and watch bits again that you don’t understand 
because it is interactive 
We can ask questions as the lecture is taking place if we don’t understand something. Plus they are being recorded so we can still go back to them, or access them if we couldn’t go to the live lecture 
Can get on with it in my own time and not as awkward
As an architecture student, live feedback on my work is vital for me to progress with my design work and spot flaws in my ideas or representations. 
Because it is as close to ordinary classes as possible and you can still ask interact with the teacher and ask questions 
I enjoy having everything in one place that’s easily accessible, I think even after covid these large drives should be made available all the time 
More interactive and can ask questions 
Can watch anytime
it is more engaging and fits my study more 
I can progress at my own pace when it fits in with my schedule (it's a part time degree) 
We get to recreate the seminar dynamic. Not exactly the same but we get to have actual back and forth conversations about the content whereas the discussion boards weve had to use in some other classes are awful they dont replicate the seminar experience at all because you dont have w conversation, its more like you write a paragraph, send it and thats it. Video calls also mean there is a set time you have to complete reading for and show up, whereas with discussion boards we have a whole week to contribute so there is a lack of conversation because it is staggered over days, and there is no incentive to answer before the day of the deadline.
Feel as if it’s the most similar to being sat in a classroom. Can ask for help and also get multiple opinions
It’s easier to follow along with and I can pause it and rewind when I mishear something
Video quality is often bad, it is hard to listen to a lecture recording especially as sometimes the powerpoint slides are not attached and it is just audio files, often have to stop and restart recordings whilst making notes, sometimes i cant fully hear what the lecturer is saying in recordings so im not sure all my notes are correct, this is not an issue with having print materials and notes
Can fit to everyone’s schedule and still contains the same level of detail, sometimes even more, that a live lecture  
Able to pause and take my own time
The ability for interaction
Most similar to previous teaching 
It forces you to be present, even when there is no motivation.
It doesn’t feel like I have to actively work as much- I just turn up and don’t feel like I’m alone doing work but with my whole class and a teacher and we’re all in it together!
More interactive, easier to explain , ask questions 
no direct communication with teacher
You can directly ask your professor/teacher for help and it’s probably harder to get distracted as it is a live lesson.
I’m free to do my work whenever I like, and can take breaks. It also doesn’t require a quiet house which video chats do
More interactive 
Constant available access 
We have last year's lectures recorded so they have all of the information we need in them, zoom can feel a bit clunky and inefficient at the moment as people aren't used to it.
i prefer learning visually while someone is talking about it rather than just looking at notes
Because it allows me to listen again to the material
I like to refer back to the lectures so this answer is based off of the fact that my profs recorded and posted the lectures online after the live version. Live lectures forced me to actually attend and not procrastinate the lecture
Forces me to get it done at a set time so less stress, also can ask any questions I have easily 
Can rewatch and watch lectures in my own time and at my own pace- saves the hassle of internet connection and camera availability for zoom etc.
things that are recorded beforehand are harder if you have questions
Zooms are very disengaging, I would rather just learn the content 
Would motivate us to read it at first and then apply the knowledge and discuss arguments. Moreover, students might be less afraid to ask questions for clarification of what they do not understand.
I can choose whenever I do something, it’s nice to shedule the time myself
Because you can effectively study, you are not distracted by others (as in the live classes) and you can look up more information as you go through the materials. Also you can choose your time for study which is for me very helpful as I am most active in the evening.
It's closest to in-person teaching
I can watch it in my own time, I am not afraid of connection failure (wifi), the quality of the audio and video are better, I can pause the video whenever I want.
I like hearing and involving everyones takes/ views/ answers. I feel that with (online) live classes this isn't always the case. I learn best with others - we learn from each other. Online classes cant replace a classroom of eager students and a teacher that cares.
Lecturers sometimes add in additional info even they talk through things
It feels at least a little bit like normal uni because we can ask questions. 
You can go at your own pace yet have all the information ready to learn.
I have an attention deficit, so it’s very difficult for me to focus on class work when I’m not actually in class, so live lectures is the closest thing I can get to accountability and such. 
Easy to access and use, I tend to have a better experience doing this
You can do questions, less motivation is needed to do the class work, you feel more connected 
More interactive! 
Because it’s at a set time and it’s more interactive.
Maintain routine and a bit of social interaction 
Easier to follow along and focus 
It seems the closest to in person learning
You lose less time, once a lecture is given, it’a done  + structure
We get to see the teacher so it doesn't feel like we're left alone with our work
I have my teacher's explanation besides the notes, and I can pause it, make it faster if I already know something, and basically use my time more productively. 
It gives room to discuss and engage in class
Makes you feel part of the class again, is more open for questions
I feel like this is most similar to a face to face lecture and it is something that you can go back and rewatch multiple times if you are struggling with a particular concept and you can pause it to make notes etc.
Can’t get distracted as easily and actually have to focus. It’s the closest thing to being in an actual lecture.
More motivating, and faster : you can directly ask questions ! (you also feel less lonely or alone)
Because it allows me to work at my own pace without the anxiety of having to be in a live call
Wasn't given the opportunity to use other modes/ quite nervous sharing my thoughts in class so recorded lectures are nicer as you can directly email the lecturer afterwards with specific questions
Can do it in your own time and at your own pace
Can revisit the source at any time
Because I can ask questions and have them solved immediately 
It’s easier to follow along 
Because you get to ask questions and feels more “normal” 
More interactive, can create debate and discussion, people are also more likely to join in with a Zoom live class than a discussion chat
With having these type of classes one can engage as much as one likes, and it also becomes like a micture between all the other modes

When you listen to prerecorded video it tends to take more time because I tend to be perfectionistic
Highest form of interactivity 
It puts less pressure on the student and allows them to complete their work at their own pace as they may not be as productive in isolation as they are normally 
Less awkward face-to-face conversation, and can learn in your own time
The lessons are the same as when we used to have them in person
Lockdown is lonely and it gives me a chance to talk to a big group full of people I don’t usually talk to 
I can go back and revisit any material. I also can pause and resume if needed.
It is the closest you can get to real classes at this time, if question arises, you can just ask your professor (no need to email them), also, it just feels good to know all of your friends are in the same lecture at the same time as you - almost feels as if you are meeting them.
Things are easier to understand when explained by a teacher rather than reading them.
it’s easy
Because during live classes you actually get to ask questions and the teacher will most of the time answer your question right away. Secondly I feel like with live classes you actually get a little bit of the interaction with your teacher/fellow students, just like you would have in ‘normal’ school. 
It helps me understand the subject better when I know the professor is in the moment with us explaining. I can also give feedbacks and add my opinions
short but helpful summary
I can speed up or slow down the video and I feel it’s more efficient and easier
Most similar to ab actual lesson 
I find zoom classes boring so watch them on double speed for time efficiency 
Live classes are more engaging and you are able to ask questions more easily 
I feel heavily engaged with the lecture via live classes. Other methods of online teaching that are currently available such as recorded lectures and uploaded material put a substantial amount of pressure on students to understand lecture material with minimal elaboration. As a result, emailing lectures about the material then becomes time consuming. 
Zoom classes honestly give me so much anxiety
Makes it fairer for everyone on the course, allows me to work through in my own time
Better explained 
Interaction 
Because when I do have calls they’re generally quiet boring and I work well by myself 
It’s more interactive and we can get an answer to a question immediately, rather than waiting for a few hours for teachers to respond 
I feel like so much time goes to waste when having live classes. I’m not always comfortable asking questions either
Because you can do it in your own time and can skip the boring bits 
Because it gives me my space to watch the videos, do my own research about the topic, listen carefully and several times to the records and when I need to ask any questions I can contact my professor anytime.
More interaction
More interaction with the teacher and easier to ask questions and teacher can explain the question in more depth
Teacher interaction
Libre classes
It's the one I'm more familiar with and that suits best my classes as they were before the pandemic.
It’s awkward sometimes but you get a better understanding of what you’re supposed to do — it’s a more active mode of learning than the passivity of SMHW tasks
It allows me to rewarch the video several times and make notes. 
More interactive and closest resemblance to real lessons 
It is the most active and interactive mode
I like the interaction with others and socialising
As it emulates face to face lectures as closely as possible allowing a two way communication between both instructor and students 
It's like a normal lesson in class

Only one we have
Gives the opportunity for more detailed explanations from teachers, similar to usual teaching, but gives the option to work when you want to as opposed to live lessons. People are struggling with mental health and sleeping patterns - the autonomy is necessary to be able to actually function during this time. 
Interaction with tutors in real time
Easier to understand material
i can decide more freely when to do which task
because it doesn’t feel as much of an effort as going through the uploaded materials and  it is a motivation to get out of bed in the morning and makes it easier to start the day :)
I prefer this mode because I have the liberty to plan my day however I wish but I can still see and hear the lesson being taught which makes it easier for me to understand rather than just reading lessons. 
Because I can access the direct information anytime I need to whilst revising.
The teachers can't spend time on unnecessary stuff so they go strait to the point. With that instead of having 4 hours class they wont spend more that 2 hours.
Easy to follow and allows for a deeper understanding of subject material 
Won't be affected by internet issues. Also means I can access them at any time - living in a house of 7, it's difficult to get specific quiet times.
You are able to ask questions and more likely to focus because of how it is live time rather than Pre recorded , therefore feeling more interactive. 
I enjoy recorded lectures but the interaction of lives makes it more interesting on multiple levels.
It kind of depend on the type of subject/class I’m having, as a medical student a lot og our classes are interactive. But for those that aren’t I prefer prerecorded because it would allow me to go through at my own pace and when I have time (a lot of us students work at the hospitals now)
Learn the most, able to ask and explain questions
Can work on my own time schedule. If I don't understand something immediately I have time to look into it more by myself before continuing on with the work.
because most of the time actual live meetings are unnecessary and take up too much time. Instead (with e-Mail) I can plan my day how I want 
I can rewind and revise what I’m being taught
active engagement and discussion!
Easier and more direct
I can directly ask questions and have a conversation, and the fact that they are scheduled at a specific time means they are harder to ignore
You can watch more than once or at your own pace to make the most of it 
It allows us as students to feel like we a “back to normal” being with the teacher, and it allows us to speak face to face with people from outside our household
There’s more interaction and it feels like an actual class.
Can actually interact and express my thoughts directly
You get to directly ask the teachers if you haven't understood something and they can rephrase it or help you with figuring it out. 
Keeps me accountable and allows me to structure my day well. 
I’m a very independent learner. I like learning at my own pace without someone just reading the PowerPoint to me (since I can read it for myself). 
I feel uncomfortable speaking on live calls
I’m less stressed about having someone to question me about the topic and have more time to grasp all the information 
It means that I can take the session in my own time when it suits me and at my own speed
Is more dynamic, like to see professor and classmates
You can ask questions to the professors and get responses in real time. Also, it's more interactive. 
I can ask questions to the teacher and interact during lessons
I prefer being handed material to work on myself rather than having to interact with other students with my camera and audio on when I am in a non academic setting.
Because is similar to presencial classes
I can ask questions about things I don’t understand + staying focussed with minimal interaction for an hour is v hard when at home.
We are able to ask questions and listen to how others are taking the Information as well as how they are progressing
More personal and reassuring that teachers are still there for us.
Anxiety over awkwardness of real-time video discussions. 
Independent work done at home can be supplemented with teachers actually speaking through content and being able to answer questions as soon as you ask them , similar to the structure of lessons in school.
Because it gives me more freedom 
I can view the materials at a time that suits me best.
It is the most similar to lessons and is very structured
More conversational, more of a commitment 
More interaction, immediate answers to questions
Easier to focus and it gives structure to your day. 
I prefer self-pacing and self-guiding my instruction...even before COVID!
it's interactive so you can ask questions
I think materials are easier to work through at your own pace, and less stressful than a discussion board or zoom meeting. 
Real time connection to the person who is teaching the class
can work at my own pace, when i’m mentally prepared and able to sit down and work
More efficient. Allows me to work at my own pace and ask questions if I berd
Because you can ask questions immediately.
More interactive and there is more exploration of a topic than a pre recorded lecture
Connecting and communication is crucial for education. Nothing can ever replace seeing and hearing classmates and professors; and Zoom is providing it. Also getting feedback in real time is something I appreciate
It’s the best way I can learn. I can pause it and go back over it if I don’t understand something
Gives me the freedom I need to work with the content at my own pace.
Because you can ask questions and get a response immediately 
I need more engagement, so I prefer either recordings or live classes.
Interaction with teachers and students. Makes me get work done 
Because you can interact with the teacher and ask him/her questions
Because it better emulates my normal class experience and I can hear from the other students, not just the professor.
At my highschool we have a decent amount of online Google meets and uploaded materials and assignments in google classroom. I prefer recorded videos, because i can actually think about what the teacher is saying and writing my question down, just like the 'normal classes where i could ask the teacher immediately. But when i am in a Google meet, my laptop delays and is not working properly to type the question in the chat. More students have this problem. What  i do now is when i attend an online Google meet, i record it on my phone. I only do this with difficult subjects or subjects like history where it is that what the teacher explains is very important.  
Because the teachers can explain better the material and it enables a better communication between students and the teacher.
You can ask question in real time, interact with others, debate just like in normal classes 
Real Time interaction/teaching from teachers, easier to understand the material when explained audibly
Easier to fit in my schedule and still teaches the material
Able to ask questions, and see the questions other people are asking. Learning from others on the course.
Because I love hearing the material from my teachers live.
Active learning > Passive learning - when teachers simply email resources, we are without guidance, and it’s much harder to concentrate on our learning. I find myself simply reading the material and copying word for word the information into booklets we are given to complete (with the answers to the booklet online - meaning we can just copy them). When teachers are present and we can actively discuss questions and answers together (eg via zoom, similar to real physical lessons) and it’s much easier to retain content and learn - and it’s much more fun than copying answers from textbooks! 
No other form of teaching was given
I get so much more time to finish tasks well and understand better. I’m not rushed to finish an answer the same time as the rest of my class. 
i have freedom to do the work whenever i want
You can watch it at the time you feel most productive and awake. 
Because I’m uncomfortable with online meetings 
You get to stay in contact with your professors and other students
I like to learn individually 
More interactive and interesting, easy to ask questions, more like a real classroom environment 
It´s as close to being in class as possible.
Because it forces me to log on at a certain time and actually take the class then rather than leaving all my lectures till the last week.
I’m able to work at my own pace and focus on details otherwise skipped over due to the lack of time.
Because when lectures are prerecorded, I can hit the pause button during the lecture to write my notes. I think it is quite convinient.
Easier to work through at my own pace
Because we would be able to gain valuable knowledge on the subject that my lecturer specialises in.
I like to be able to spela to discuss with my classmates or ask questions to my professor. I like to have set times when you have to go to class like you would have if you were on campus.
Easier to follow
It's easier to understand the content
Feels like you are able to get more help and understand the topic, also more motivation to do the work
If you have any questions, they can be answered straight away. Also find it easier to listen to an explanation than reading it on a screen
Because you get to hear and see your lecturer in person 
Can pause and rewind if you miss sometime. Also you can speed the video up!
It is more interactive because there is only so much that e-mails can tell you.
I can pause take notes and rewatch what i didnt quite understand
I am able to see other people / students, feels less lonely and isolating 
Easier as I come from a very busy family(my mother is also a carer) and so it's not always possible for me to find a quiet place to chat. And auditory learning feels more like a school environment/easier than reading pages of work that you would get if work is uploaded or emailed.
You can access it whenever you wish
Easier 
Can work at my own pace. 
I can go back and re-watch it if necessary and I can watch it at my own pace
I can actually see people and learn much more interactively
It is much easier to stay focused and take notes without having to rush
I feel engaged and have to be there ‘physically’
More interaction 
I prefer learning by face to face
It helps me gauge a better understanding of the content as someone physically explaining it or demonstrating examples helps me understand. Also, being able to pause the video, rewatch it and rewind where necessary allows me to consolidate what I have learned and go over anything I am unsure of.
Better sense of the topics. Can pause. Feel as though profs tell you more 
You can watch at any time and don’t need to rely on WiFi to connect to group call
It allows for future reference as it is always available 
I can easily focus on the lesson if we use live classes and I can’t get distracted
Language barrier is reduced and able to move through content at your own pace 
Because you can ask questions 
Zoom or live teaching allows for real-time questions to be asked if I don’t understand something, whereas recorded lectures mean that I can’t ask the lecturer straight away and have to email afterwards
Would feel more engaged and less distracted
Condenses the information 
Is generally more straightforward and concise. I also find it less awkward and I have more freedom with timetabling/planning my day, rather than having to structure my work around video calls. 
I can work at my own pace.
I can freely choose when to do my uni-work and am more flexible concerning my daily schedule. Videos are more engaging and lively than text-materials.
I preferred having live classes because it forced me to still be productive and not get behind! It kept me motivated.
I can pause and make notes at my own pace while also having face to face contact with my teacher 
I prefer being able to talk to them face to face for help and learning so I can understand more
Can type the questions for your lecturers to answer live. I feel much more comfortable doing that than raising my hand in a lecture, and because I can ask questions I can get the most out of my learning
Because it is interactive  
Because it is almost like the classes we are all used to but online. It allows us to stop the professor, ask them to go slower/faster or any questions we might have on the topic of learning.
You can ask questions right away.
more interactive,  can ask specific questions.
Becaus I cannot postpone the lesson. With recorded lectures I have a tendency to procrastinate and not listen to it.
I can listen to them at my own pace and I don't have many seminars/classes anyway in my degree so live classes and forums aren't necessary 
most informative and time effective,  can revisit 
i can do it at my own pace 
Easy to follow along at your own pace and makes it easy to study whenever you have a free moment (no fixed time to log on)
Because I can speed up the video if I need to, or rewind if I miss something. 
Live calls retain the engagement with your teacher and peers and allows you to feel more involved in actively learning together. 
More opportunity to engage
Keeps me engaged
I like the interaction, sometimes we are put into smaller groups which makes it feel more personal and you can catch up with people you don‘t talk to except for in class
I am able to do it in my own time whereas I had to make sure I was free for the seminars. 
Easier and not as boring. 
You can go back and revise whenever you need to 
You habe a schedule, you can (virtually) see the other ones and it‘s interactive 
Especially with smaller classes, this mode is the most engaging, and I come away more satisfied with my understanding of the material.
Feels more social and interactive
Interaction is given
It’s the most interactive
i feel like i can’t connect properly with people on a screen, it’s too passive like i’m watching a film
Feels more like a regular face to face class, more social, better chance of understanding 
As it forces you to watch the lectures and be active in the class
Better interaction with all of my professors
I find I am usually able to grasp the material quite rapidly and come to a good understanding without much teacher intervention- but as this method is supplemented by some recorded videos and live classes I find I cover the content very well 
Makes me more motivated
I like having the engagement factor of watching someone talk through a topic but also the security and comfort of being able to watch it over until I understand it, though this can make me focus less if I feel less pressured in the moment.
My studies rely on helping each other and teamwork a lot and I felt like I couldn’t do all my assignments all alone
I like to communicate with others
Because it feels closest to actually being in class
you can pause it or watch it whenever fits you best
Because it keeps me accountable 
I can always playback the video if I dont understand the content.
It’s more interactive 
Lots of people in my course just use the recorded lectures instead of going to lectures anyways. They were being recorded even before the pandemic. 
It allows for less wasted time and I’m never engaged on zoom classes. Emailed work is straightforward and I can do it and move on. 
Because then you are able to ask questions during the class with a quick response and able to discuss to completely understand the topic 
Videos can demonstate the practical element of my course, but also you can do it at your own leisure 
It offers more interaction and allows to ask more questions
It is easy to engage and ask questions when I am curious about something or if I am struggling.
It’s an engaging and less formal means in which discussion flows 
It encourages conversation and interaction between the professors and the students; it’s more productive.
I can go at my own pace and it is also accommodating for students that are now in different time zones. 
Immediate responses from teachers. Face to face interaction, verbal explanations of work/more difficult areas of the topics.
Similar to face to face learning, you can ask your teachers questions and they can aid you instead of having to cope with the work yourself.
More interactive
I can pause them so i can take notes better than if doing it live. Also i can access it at any time so no 9ams!!
The teacher can elaborate on their slideshow material and I can ask questions when I have them, which is super important for my learning. I have brain damage from an illness so I struggle with memory and processing, and asking questions while I’m learning helps me a lot.
When doing inline classes you can bring up questions; gather feed back or even 
Elaborate on conceptions . I also prefer independent learning and emailing work for me to do at my own rate .
It’s more engaging and stops me from getting distracted 
Not live, do not have to film yourself 
more structure
The interaction makes it feel as ‘normal’ as possible
I can watch it whenever I like when I know there will be no distractions, being able to pause and rewind if I don’t understand it. There is also less pressure than being live.
I'm a visual learner, unlike to print out materials, write further notes and mind maps compared to listening to information. 
Connection with teacher
Most similar to normal uni
It remains anonymous, it makes me anxious being in video calls or talking on platforms especially when there are potentially lots of people/people I don't really know 
Flexible, fits my own schedule.
Can work at my own pace without missing information and easily accessible 
Much easier to ask specific questions and get feedback 
It’s concise and clear - zoom is fun but can be scary and time can be wasted 
I can work whenever suits me rather than at a certain time
Because we can communicate better.
Less stressful on my poor internet connection and I can revisit it
I can ask the teacher any doubts I have during the lesson
My school don’t offer online classes
It’s more personal and conversational
Because I can choose to complete it at any time before the deadline, so I can organize my daily activities and don't have to show up for class at a specific hour
In live classes, it is easier to ask the teacher all the questions when the information is still fresh and it is easier to engage.
It helps to know that the teacher is there at the moment and is guiding you through the steps
Easier to get involved in discussions
Because it’s the closest to the typical class setting you get in college
Explanation from the teacher not just the materials
Recorded lectures can be uploaded in small chunks which makes learning easier at home. 
Online video classes hold me accountable for my schoolwork - I actually have to work at the set class time, and if I don’t understand the content discussed in the call, I’m more inclined to go back and study what I’m behind on ready for the next call.
To me it's the closest it can get to a normal lecture (not online) because you still have a set time to follow the live lecture
It feels more interactive
To allow flexibility across time zones 
I can watch it on my own time and pause when I need to for notes
As the lecturers can answer any questions quickly and efficiently you have during that time
Because you can still feel like you’re in a normal day schedule
Because I have to watch it at a certain, I‘m not disciplined enough for recorded lectures
It feels like I’m in the classroom in real life but I can pause it to take notes and watch it whenever I want, zoom calls would be too invasive.
easier to catch up on, can read back through and dont have to make notes
There is better communication
Whilst having a detailed email sent to us for each lesson, which covers the necessary content well, the absence of debate and the opportunity to participate in live discussions is also as insightful to the course, so a from of immediate class discussion would've been really beneficial.
Zoom calls go on too long and I’d prefer getting on with it alone
I can watch recorded lectures in my own time and rewatch them if necessary.
You can just get on with the work 
More interactive 
It was easy to manage in your own time and good for looking back on topics 
No pressure or awkwardness of being on an online call, but still get the benefits of having work explained. I am also a visual learner
Because I can interact with other students. 
It holds me accountable. I don’t think I would have the motivation to teach myself the content if I had to watch the videos by myself. This also allows for the highest level of engagement and conversation, which is crucial at the graduate level. 
Because narration of powerpoints are more useful than me trying to teach myself. Also there’s the chance to ask questions on content I don’t understand. 
It is the closest to the real traditional live teaching 
don’t need to directly interact with everyone which stresses me 
It was the only method utilised by my college, so I have no knowledge of other mediums
Not having to talk to people 
Can get away with doing work in my pyjamas
It gives me the most opportunity to write lecture notes - I can pause the recording to jot down what is on the PowerPoint and then resume to add in what the lecturer says
I like being able to go over the content
Can watch it whenever.
It's nice to have some sort of structure during the week that asynchronous models of teaching cannot provide
There are no time restraints; I could work on it when I’d like to 
It’s better to have a specific time assigned to watch a certain lecture rather than it being recorded and uploaded because it requires more energy to actually sit down and watch those later 
It’s interactive 
It gets the work across efficiently and effectively 
Interaction- can ask questions if needed
More interactive and more engaging 
Active but does not rely as much no your resources (e.g. with a bad Internet conection attending to live classes is not always possible) 
You are able to easily ask questions and it feels more interactive whereas I feel less motivated to learn the materials if they are just in a recorded video or worksheet.  
Feels like I'm there
It’s more interactive and doesn’t give me pressure to ask for help when they have explained everything in detail previously. 
It’s much more active learning. You can really get to grips with the material and test your learning by asking and answering questions. 
Endgame to with your tutors and peers 
You can learn at your own required time and can repeat the recorded data as much als you want to.
Because it gives me a similar standard of learning to if I was sat in a lecture hall face-to-face with my lecturer. 
Covid has made many people's lives a bit chaotic and our home/work/study circumstances have changed as have our personal schedules. Therefore, I like being able to watch the lectures when I please so I'm not stuck if I miss them. I can then supplement this with the class notes we're given and our lecturers hold webinars occasionally to answer questions that way before exams/deadlines to help us. They are also very responsive to emails so I feel well supported 
Explains things that I wouldn't understand probably in a textbook 
More interaction/engagement 
Because i can work without help and individually.
Teacher interactions and explanations!! If you don’t understand you can ask
You can share ideas with each other and you don’t feel so alone when you don’t understand part of the course.
Because you can work through the materials at your own pace and have the opportunity to do other work if you finish early. However, I do like to have online calls as well, as it helps with explanation.
In the moment. Asking questions love. 
It is the closest way to replicate on-campus learning. 
I can correspond eith the teacher quickly
Because i like the  engagement in live classes. At the same time, I also like the pause button in recorded classes 
It’s more interactive and engaging
It is more engaging and it’s much easier to ask questions and ask for help when necessary.
I can pause and replay things I dont understand and do it according to my schedule
It’s the closest to a lesson.
Live classes are closest to in-person classes and are the most engaging. I like needing to be alert.
Having subject content explained to you like in a lesson is so much easier and engaging then being given the text book pages to learn and exam questions which is what I’m receiving now. 
I prefer to work independently 
Because you still get the interaction of face to face, makes the learning more human 
Get to add content myself, ask questions, contact with friends from uni
This is the most interactive mode of teaching and most closely resembles the in-person lectures/tutorials I had before classes were shifted online. 
It's most enganging and easier to focus and has at least a little bit of the social aspect that's now missing. (But it works best for seminars/discussion groups/exercise classes/language class etc, not so much for actual lectures - for lectures prerecordings are best as you can watch them in your own speed and there wouldn't usually be discussions anyway) 
It feels almost as interactive as a normal class
I am free to manage my time.
Real time clarification on questions and the closest thing to real class as possible 
It is more interactive and gives us space to ask questions 
Can learn at own pace and speed 
More interactive and I makes you attend and learn 
As I can pause the lecture and therefore learn the content at my own pace.
It provides some form of “face to face” contact, which helps keep me focused. 
Whith recording your teacher is able to think a while about what they are explaining and edit their video, and i fele like that gives it a bretter quality. Also you can go back and watch it again later if you need. 
Feels like actual college 
I can watch any time I want, and as many times I want
Recorded lectures are much better for understanding, I can adjust speed, and rewatch. but activities should be implemented, like little quizzes
Motivates me to do it at that time (instead of catching it up later) as it’s live as there can be a discussion alongside it
It allows me to engage more with the key themes and ideas presented within the classes
I feel like I understand it easily
I enjoy face to face interaction 
Recorded lectures and uploaded materials are my preferred mode because they are more engaging for me as a student with adhd innatentive type, because I can pause it , rewind, rewatch, or skip ahead if I need to for understanding. I can also do this work whenever in the day, and I don’t have to try and work in a time I can’t focus in or deal with the distractions of others and lags that zoom has. 
More interactive and can easily talk to teachers instead of having to wait for a reply to an email which could take a while
Freedom of scheduling 
Work at own pace and can still be taught - I feel like with set materials especially biology I’m just re-writing what had been set and not proactively learning 
Interaction
Broadband problems make live classes difficult to follow.
Can be followed at my own pace, and is less stressful then online live class bc I don’t have a great environment to be focus all the time 
More accountability to engage with content
Easier to ask questions and instant response
Allows for more interaction 
Interactive 
Allows for interactive lessons
Because I can always refer to it later in day. Also all of my live classes are set at very inconvenient times and I’m not always keen to assist to the class.
Allows students to do personal study on the content beforehand, gain some background knowledge, then apply this knowledge to complex questions during a discussion. Allows for faster and more in depth learning than just rote memorisation.
While most of my lectures are pre recorded from other years, there are a few which are being recorded through zoom(?) and they’re addressed straight to us with questions relating to the material popping up at certain times. 
As a first year Biomed student have questions which we can answer for subjects such as chem and physics really helps with understanding.
It makes it easier to ask questions
It allows me to work on it when I have time as despite classes being cancelled I found I had even more work than normal
I’m more motivated and there are less distractions
Allows me to study in my own time without added pressure of being in a classroom 
When it’s live I actually attend, when it’s a recorded lecture I procrastinate watching 
I am able to have the task explained in depth and detail as well as in different forms to fully understand it. 
It’s the closest to normal lectures at university 

Can do whenever 
You can work through the content at your own pace and just ask questions when you need to.
It allows for the nearest experience to actually being in a classroom. We can have discussions and interact with the teacher.
Less pressure to do things in a limited amount of time. Also more time to do extra research on things.
I can do it in my own time 
Engage with lecturers - feel guilty if I don’t concentrate 
I think that live lessons would be more engaging and it's easier to ask questions and pay attention rather than teaching yourself the information and perhaps not fully understanding or teaching yourself aspects wrong. 
It gives a clearer understanding as it isn’t just reading off a PowerPoint but actually being explained. 
As a working student it gives me the opportunity to study in different sessions + you can go back or skip a part of the video if you need it. 
it’s similar to what I’d have at college and is more reliable than live classes due to WiFi issues people have 
Interacting with others helps me retain the information better 
Because you get to understand better and u are less likely to procrastinate studying and leave it for another time
Can ask questions and get a more in depth explanation 
I can ask the teacher questions live 
I can grow a greater understanding for my subject by hearing other people's thoughts.
Makes me keep a working schedule 
I can take my time understanding the concepts and taking notes. 
Get to engage with the lecturer and peers.
more interactive and most similar to real life school
Because I can work at my own pace and structure my time how I like
The option to pause the class and go back to things which aids my learning. It also means I can take classes at convenient times.
You can listen to them whenever you want 
Helps me understand the material + It feels like you are part of a group that is going through the same thing instead of feeling alone without interaction.
It’s easier to keep up to date if they’re live- not sure why but it works. And it also adds a bit more structure to my day which I like
It feels the most like a ‘normal’ lecture - opportunity to ask questions and see your class members and staff
It's very similar to the real classroom
More flexibility to do the work at times that suit me
I am able to work at a faster pace than I would in real time classes and be more efficient with my time
Work becomes too much without a set timetable that comes with live lessons.
It allows interaction with lecturer. 
Can catch up at own pace, no pressure to be available at a certain time
Because it feels like I’m actually being engaged with like a real lesson 
You can work at your own pace and play things back if you didn't understand things properly. Usually these recorded lectures are paired with a live class (when the lecture would usually be) that is used for questions. Since you then don't hear about the material for the first time you can understand all the questions and answers a lot better. You are also able to work whenever you want and whenever it fits your schedule. 
I feel like its the easiest to overcome and keep forcused on
I can plan my own time.
possibility of asking questions and interaction
Online live classes are much harder to sit through (for me) because of all the noises and weird video interaction (it's obviously not the same as a live class, it feels more like watching a movie and interacting with it), it was kind of exausting. If I have to listen to a prerecorded lecture I don't have to interact with anyone and I can do it in my own time (so that I don't have to sit in front of the camera for five hours straight) and I still can ask questions via email or something like that, so I feel like this isn't less efficient but more comfortable
Because if it’s happening live you feel more involved and engaged 
Minimal contact and can do in my own timeframes 
I actually pay attention 
More interaction and you can always ask for help immediately , see my classmates’ faces 
It keeps me engaged and accountable more than the other modes, if it were all self-guided learning I would struggle to stay on track. 
As it is closest to a normal lecture and allows real time questions to be asked
Easier to learn
So the teacher can talk through the content I find it easier to learn this way
more likely to want to do the work,,, and it feels the most like a classroom setting
It often seems more dynamic and personal, just as in person classes used to be before covid19
It is so much more helpful to have someone explaining concepts than to simply read textbook pages
Because I am more able to write  down what the teacher says by pausing and reversing the video and still pay attention to what's being said without being too foucuesed on writing fast. 
Instant questions and answers 
Gives us a chance to be discuss answers and queries with the teacher whilst having some form of verbal communication. 
Because it makes it easier to have a routine 
You can keep returning to it, it’s like filming a class 
Have if live classes resembled my in person experience the most. For class with prerecorded lectures it felt like I was in a prolonged finals period/ doing work but class did not feel in session. I engaged more in live classes and felt more accountable for my work since I was meeting multiple times a week and engaging with the professor and other students.
Easier to tick off the work that needs to be completed 
The ability to pause and complete tasks during the lecture as well as take notes and watch to gain better understanding makes it easier to get to grips with each topic
More likely to engage with content, and Profs could use more engaging Q&A format. Only have 3 hours a week on zoom but more would be helpful
I feel as if I  can work at my own pace 
Feel more motivated 
Interaction with tutors is absolutely critical at degree level 
I feel as if you can engage and discuss more directly with your tutor so it’s more of a structured lesson
The teachers get confused on zoom and everyone plays around with backgrounds and stuff. Emailing the work just means I can submit it and have done
Can watch them whenever and understand the content at your own pace 
online uni feels v impersonal and my anxiety finds video discussions horrific
Can do it when you want at your own pace 
Can ask questions and get an answer straight away like in a school setting.
It feels more like a classroom setting, more personal. 
i think that our zoom classes are not efficient because the teachers just read the handouts and it doesn’t bring anything more so i prefer to work in my own at my own pace watch a yt vid if necessary...
I get to see my classmates and lecturers, helps me feel less alone and gives me some sense of routine amidst the crisis.
I can watch the videos any time i want, change the playback speed and focus better
I feel like it's easier to understand as you can pause a video when you like or repeat it without disturbing anyone else. Plus usually better video quality. 
Because you get to actually see who is taking the class and interact with them
can pause it, rewind etc. 
allows for better flow of questions and answers, more fluent and realistic way of learning. However it’s not time flexible— ie people from other time zones don’t get the benefits
It allows us to pause and rewind , giving us a better chance/more time to understand the topic before before moving on . Prevents us from getting lost due to the lecturer moving too quickly. It's easier to watch and listen than to just read. It makes lockdown feel less lonely. 
You can watch it whenever suits, pause it if u need, rewatch etc and then email questions after if u need
I can re-watch it when I don't understand a particular thing or I am a little bit behind 
You can watch / rematch the recorded lectures whenever it’s more convenient 
It resembles face to face classes the most 
Much more engaging and interactive - way better way to learn than self teaching through provided resources.
I can ask questions
i haven’t actually done a zoom class before but i feel like i would benefit from it more because i find it hard to learn from just reading materials 
allows me to skip and pause and understand concepts easier rather than trying to catch up during a live call 
Because you can speed up or down the speed of your course. But uploaded material and online classes are great too. A mix is the best
It’s closest to in person experience!
More engaging and holds me accountable to actually do the work
Can take it in your own time 
It is easy to catch up on anything that has been missed. You can stop and start them whenever you please 
Because it allows me to work in my own pace with the material and it removes the pressure of having to go to lectures 
Able to communicate instantly and have questions answered there and then, if there are any conceptions and not have to wait for response via email which can waste valuable time.
We don’t actually have to do it/ no exams
Because it is the most similar model to an actual class
Getting to see and hear other people.
online classes are boring and a waste of time
Interactive just like a seminar 
Cause you can watch it over and over again if you don’t understand the content 
More interactive and easier to engage with content
For the accessibility to ask questions in the moment and clarify doubts from the past lectures 
Because I can access the class in my own time, at my own pace.
It enables me to ask questions and communicate with my teachers/ class and gives more structure for doing my school work. It also allows the teacher to go over content straight away if anyone is confused. 
It feels most like actual classes
It is interactive and actually effective. Experience is very close to face to face classes
It is more interactive than emailed material, someone is explaining it you to which is engaging and you can pause it when needed
It means everyone can communicate at whatever time suits them best. I prefer to do school at night as I work during the day in a supermarket right now so it helps with flexibility meaning I can continue being a key worker 
It motivates me the most and feels the most normal. If it's just recorded or uploaded then it feels like I lose structure to my day and I become lazy because I say to myself, oh it's okay I can do it another time I don't need to work today, or it's fine if I lie in bed until 12 and go to bed at 1 in the morning
It feels more connected/personal
Because it’s easier to discuss and share ideas live
Able the ask questions 
Can work through material at your own pace
Simulates a classroom, but i can do it anywhere
Because I can review and go back on parts I don’t understand and take as much time as I need.
Can go back and listen to them when needed/if stuck. Lecturers don't record the zoom classes. 
Recorded lectures + we also have discussion forums as well which are amazing because our instructors can answer any questions we have about the course material + assignment questions which is really handy as all my immunology labs are now online.
Because it’s interactive and questions can be answered 
Easier to complete on your own schedule and can take your time to understand the material
Can look at lecture board but also listen to lecturer. Also feels normal compared to uploaded PowerPoint.
more face time
I get to follow my own rhythm 
Able to ask questions
I think I would gain more out of this, I struggle with just being given papers and understanding what to do. I learn better when there are people explaining it to me. 
It is nice to hear different people's opinions and learn from their knowledge 
Interactive
I can do the work in my own time

I feel more engaged when it’s live. 
More like real class, more interactive, can ask questions,  gives you more of a routine rather than watching in one go
Because you can engage with the teacher by asking questions and getting clarification about stuff if you don’t understand something. Also most like the normal school day 
I can concentrate easily 
I'm more motivated to participate as I have a set class at a set time I can prepare for. External motivation is really helpful for me. Also being able to ask questions rather than attenpt to condense them into an email makes correcting mistakes/finding out more so much easier. 
You can work by your own timetable 
Then I can decide myself when I’m gonna take the lessons and you can pause them
Because zoom clasdes are more similar to what I was used to 
Because you can ask the lecturers questions and it helps make seminars more interactive 
Recorded lectures are easier and more convenient to access. Live classes do help you maintain discipline and complete course material on time. However, due to wifi or load shedding we are unable to connect to live lectures. If I miss a part of the lecture then I'm unable to grasp the whole topic (idk if it's relevant but I'm an Accounting and Finance major) 
Also our professors aren't really trained to conduct online classes so the lectures aren't interactive and we lose focus. So there really isn't much difference between a recorded and live lecture. At least we can pause recorded lectures and understand the topic in detail through the reading material. 
There Is more explanation and help 
Lessons in real time means that is closest to a normal classroom setting. Allows for class discussion.
Gives me time to do it at my own pace and I can explore things deeper that I would perhaps otherwise
Allows interaction with the teacher and other classmates which improves understanding 
Online lectures are hard to focus on and stressful to attend. I’d rather just be told what needs to get done and do it on my own. 
I can pause and replay when I need clarification.
All of the things are explained very well and they come in 20-30 minutes videos so it’s not hard to pay attention and they can even be fun and interesting.
The time is set, you have less of a chance to end up doing your work later than it should be done. Also, interaction is better with questions which can be asked and you can participate in the lesson and use the classes feedback. 
Because the students are able to interact with the teachers (to some extent) far more so than passively learning from lecturers 
Because it enables you to ask questions and for your teachers to explain content personally 
freedom to do it whenever you like.
I like to be able to interact with tutors, asking questions and encouraging discussion. 
Allows me to hear a live explanation of the information, my teachers voice and elaboration and helps me to encode it better into my memory than mindlessly copying a PowerPoint or doing practice problems.
Live classes allow for discussion and keep you accountable for your efforts. They also allow for people to ask question and get immediate responses. Additionally a professor can gauge understanding and engagement in real time to ensure we are gaining the most out of teaching 
I really like the fact that as it’s live it’s a much more engaging atmosphere, and as someone who’s not afraid to ask questions I can interject and ask for clarification or further explanation while others can also join in and you just get bonus knowledge out of it which is great !  
In a live class you can talk and collaborate with peers and your teacher while you are doing the work. Also makes it a lot less boring. And it’s nice to be able to talk to people when you’re just sitting home alone. 
I would prefer the flexibility to teach myself as and when. Plus online lectures means that if you have a lecturer who isn’t very skilled it leads to several hours of wasted time trying to listen and learn from them
easier to go over in my own time and work at my own pace
I could choose when I got to view the material rather than having a scheduled zoom call I was required to attend. Choosing my school schedule was nice. 
emailed materials
So I can talk to everyone and and work out problems as I attempt them
Because if you don’t understand something, you can just rewatch, pause when needed, take proper notes
Easier to go through the course at your own pace
Usually more structured so easier to make notes from, visuals are clearer and then can email questions / raise through zoom 
Easier to go at own speed

easier 
easy to do in your own time, at your own pace, within your own schedule 
Easier to ask questions
Things being live gives it a bit of interactivity (+ the fact that you're obligated to participate in that activity at a given time makes sure you don't procrastinate)
I can pause as many times as I like and take breaks etc, also I hate talking 😂
It puts a lot less pressure on people if they forget about an online class or have to miss out for any other reason, and this way they can have permanent access to classes when they study 
You’re getting live feedback/instant responses
because it allows to express your opinion and discuss with others 
Most similar to how it was previously and is the most engaging 
More engaging 
Actual live human connection is awesome in these times. Also zoom has a lot of great features to enhance the learning like screen sharing etc. 
To be able to go back and watch the explanations.
Able to ask questions right away + more structured week. With recorded lectures i tend to procrastinate and watch them all at the last minute. This wouldn't be possible with live classes.
Because it is easier to communicate with the professors as you can ask them the things you don't understand at the time they are explaining it, and also interact with them and your classmates.
it makes it so much easier to be actively engaged in class, especially if the group is smaller. i feel more confident, ask more questions therefore i feel like i am taking away much more from these meetings than at school 
It’s easier to organise, helps me learn actively
Because it’s easy accessible 
I think this depends on who your prof is and what class you are in. I like that there is less possibility for miscommunication in written instructions and materials.
I can ask my teacher questions and get them to explain concepts in more detail a lot easier and quicker than sending an email then waiting for a reply. 
It's more interactive and feels more like a real lecture because you can ask questions in real time
Active engagement in the class, able to give live feedback and ask questions to lecturers/tutors and other students 
Because it depends on the live interaction and if i couldn't understand something the lecturer could repeat it again in another way and it mimics the actual real courses to some extent 
I prefer to work on my own
its more straight forward and interactive. also easier to communicate
We have teachers for a reason and live teaching allows me access to them, they can explain and break down concepts for me when I need them to.
Flexible which is handy for the current situation
I don’t have to wake up early
Because then I would have a motivation to interact with that class better if all of the students would have to join. 
Because it feels more like a real class that you can engage in and have to attend at certain times. It’s the closest you can get to the normality we all currently crave. 
I get to interact and feel like I’m part of something which makes me more motivated and interested. 
I think conexion with tutors is more personal, and I find that engaging
Easier to interact and vocalise/ hear others thoughts 
Because you still get to interact with the teachers and have a discussion of sorts with the class
I feel like it’s easier to engage as it’s all written out and it’s fun to engage through typing. Some times it’s boring listening to a teacher go on and on and not let any students really talk. Chat mode makes it feel more accessible and easy to communicate and you don’t have to worry about sounding dumb, as you can type it up and edit before posting.
Get to interact with people 
You have to join in and it’s mroe interactive and interesting 
Still having some connection with the teacher but can be done at any time to suit your own schedule 
Easier to communicate with teachers and share ideas
Much easier to ask questions, sense of interaction 
Mainly because my course is art based (fashion and textiles student) and it wouldn’t be practical if we were on a zoom call etc
Can review at own pace
Because I can watch it multiple times and I can pause whenever I want, to make notes etc.
As you can go back to the information. But it is also useful to have Microsoft teams meetings so that seminars can still happen
It’s more interactive and is far better as the teachers are actually explaining content as they would be in school
It is easy to contact teachers instantly 
This way would be like as if I would be attending the lecture at uni 
Because that way i fell like i'm the most productive. I can do my assignments whenever i want. I like the freedom aspects of it
face to face interactions allow more open conversations 
it’s helpful as it’s easier to gain information from (it is compiled into one area) and it reminds me of being in the classroom. 
Less work lol
It’s all I have know n would like explore
I prefer the flexibility recorded lectures give me. Also gives the facility of being able to pause, rewind and take good notes as i go. The live lectures aren’t always recorded 
It creates a schedule for you, and ensures that you don’t fall behind. If you can choose when to listen to lectures, I think there’s a risk of leaving it all to the last minute. However, live lectures that are also recorded and then posted in case you need them are my favourite  
Because I can make my own schedule, pause the video and watch it several times. 
Allows active learning and ability to ask questions with timely answers 
I find live video classes overwhelming, and would rather be able to engage with live presentation / lecturing at my own pace / without the pressure of video chat. 
Don't have anything else atm
There is a lot more interaction with the teacher, a lot more one on one conversations, like recreating a classroom environment. 
I can go back over what I miss when writing notes by pausing or rewinding, so I can do it study In my own timings.
Online classes for more clarification 
I can ask questions in real time via the chat function, and/or ask any follow up questions. We can bounce questions off of each other as a class to get a better understanding of the content. I also feel much more of a sense of connection with my classmates and teachers. 
It‘s far more communicative, easier to follow along, and it gives you the feeling of actually being there with your friends. Also a set time helps to add structure to the day. 
Allows a class interactive and collaborative experience
More interactive and engaging 
Forces me to engage. Anything otherwise and I would struggle to structure my work. 
More contact with teacher, opportunity to ask questions and discuss things properly, also opportunity to chat briefly to friends
allows for flexibility, plus downloading a pdf is easier on the internet than zoom, which i often find to be patchy or unstable due to internet use 
The interaction is necessary for aural learners and  to ask any questions.  The facial expressions make it feel like real life - a bit more comforting in these unsettling times. 
Gives us a chance to interact with our tutors and peers better than online recordings.
I prefer working on something recorded as you can stop it, rewind it and take notes whenever you want
It’s easier to interact with both peers and teachers! and easier to pay attention!!
able to rewatch and pause at your own speed
It’s much more engaging as you care able to learn from the lecturers a lot more
It still feels like a real lecture, you can answer questions in real time and don’t have to bother waiting for an email reply 
In zoom meetings not many people talk. I am a first year and we only got 1 day of face to face before online, so everyone is a bit anxious to collaborate I think. So I generally learn more from recorded lectures.
I like being able to pause and go back to recover things I missed 
Less isolating, able to have discussion and get live feedback and ask questions - feels more like a typical tutorial at University 
When teachers do videos they can actually explain everything thoroughly.
Because I can watch the lecture again as much as I want and it helps me memeorize everything. Even though I couldn't really choose the option, I do think web seminars are so important to have alongside of these, as the conversation we have about the content of the lecture help increase the level of understanding. 
It feels the most like a normal class especially when it was replacing what should have been a seminar as it allowed for discussions and feedback from lecturers and students and was more collaborative then listening to a prerecording. I also liked the human aspect of it seeing other peoples faces and hearing their voices instead of just a typed message.
I can go back and relisten to what my prof has said 
I just think this is the easiest way for primary teaching and then this is supplemented by set questions or exercises and then if there are any specific questions you can just emailed lecturers and ask for help. 
Possible interactivity 
Can choose when to watch as opposed to having to remember it’s happening at a certain time
Live lectures feel closest to the experience I have in the classroom. 
It is almost like being with the teacher, you can still contribute to the discussion and ask questions
It is helpful to be able to ask teachers questions like they are in person with you.
There is more of a chance to have discussion with both peers and lecturers, and more in depth knowledge gained from talking about the material 
Concise delivery of information
It’s conducive to engagement and creates a better environment to ask and answer questions knowing you can get instant feedback and be more convosational
It allows for more communication between the student and teacher.
I find it much easier to process and understand the information and concepts when I don’t have to read it
I am able to interact with my teachers there and then, and ask questions whilst we are going through content 
maintains a schedule and routine to the day whereas other methods resemble homework assignments instead
Because it is the most similar to class time discussion
 it’s way easier in order to organise my work through the entire week
because you can ask questions there and then to your teacher
Live classes aren’t conducted well
Well this maintains the privacy of one and does its job of conveying information pretty good.
Because you can still have some form of live interaction with other students and the lecturer 
Less lag and more productive use of time
Interactive, keeps me attention span, social aspects of seeing faces rather than watching video of recorded lecture
Because it provides motivation. That is, recorded lectures and emailed work loads require you to exercise greater amounts of diligence. Also, online classes are the closest things to normal classes and thus provide a sense of normalcy. They also allow you to listen to real time discussions.
I am currently writing my thesis, so it's nice to be in a call and get immediate feedback and help.
Allows me to go at my own pace
Because I still feel as like I’m having a classroom experience. I still get to talk with my teacher and friends who I haven’t been able to see and it adds a sense of normality back to my life. It also great to be able to ask questions and get I stand responses. 
There is an opportunity for clarification and explanation 
You get to see and have discussions with your teacher and classmates. The way we were given our work was not very interactive and quite isolating as we were unable to see our teachers and classmates in an online chat.
Cant procrastinate as much, easier to ask questions as ssnding email feels awkward and less fluid 
More interaction 
I can pause at any time necessary (recorded lectures) but I have the advantage of “Live Question Time” in which questions about the lecture (which I have now thoroughly watched) can be asked. Essentially I have “the best of both worlds”. 
It’s faster to get a response to a specific question
i don’t feel motivated when all i get it emails, i like actually having a class and seeing my teacher
Because you can ask questions & get an instant answer which you don’t get on email.
Because, if something happens while I should be in class, I can see it later and not loose anything.
Because it's the most similar to actual classes and it makes it easy to expose doubts and discuss the materials not only with the teacher but with the rest of the class too
Watch whenever
It allows you to engage actively with the content by asking the instructor in real time about your doubts, making it as similar as possible to face-to-face lessons. 
Because it feels the closest to an real class and because it's live you can ask the teacher and get answers right away. 
Interactive 
I can go back to them anytime and rewind if I need to
Gives you chance to watch over if you did not understand something. Also, live lessons are chaotic due to connectivity problems and the misuse of IT.
Freedom and flexibility to work when you want to work 
Because lots of information can be discussed from many different perspective and Angeles (some of which have never crossed my mind). In addition, I get to ask questions :) 
More interactive, able to ask questions 
Most similar to a classroom setting
It is very similar to being in a lecture theatre, the zoom tutorials are clunky and hard to get participation from students
More interactive
it was more interactive. it was nice to see familiar classmate faces and helped my mental health seeing everyone for a little while. i also felt more engaged as teachers would ask questions to students individually so it helped me concentrate more and kept me on the ball.
More social 
Can watch them whenever I want at my own free will.
it’s similar to what in person lectures were like 
I can hear/ watch the recorded lecture anytime and rewind the bits I've missed because my attention spans is short
Get to ask questions in real time with the lecturer present rather than emailing them.
It allows me to go back and listen 
Makes you motivated to do it 
I can do it on my own time when it works for me + if professors post them ahead of time, it allows me to get ahead! 
I hate listening I find I’m more a visual learner tend to get distracted really easily is I’m sitting their listening at home 
Students are able to ask questions in real time and get immediate response, thus aiding in engagement.
Keeps you engaged and makes you do the work and ask questions and adds some fun to what could be very dull
Easier to focus 
learning at my own pace
My classmates are from all around the world since I go to an international high school (UWC in Mostar) and seeing all my friends regularly in classes is really nice and creates a sense of normality despite being so far away from each other. Also for complex and discussion based classes in-person calls are useful for asking questions. 
You can slow the lectures down when you are having a hard time understanding something, but you can also speed it up if you already have a good understanding of the topic
It allows for more flexible student schedules 
most "authentic" (chats with people etc)
I can learn at my own pace 
Allows you to study the material before/do practise questions and ask questions on things you don’t understand. If the group is large this is less useful as you are more likely to end up watching answers to others questions you understand yourself without getting a chance to ask your own. 
Discussing topics with others is the most effective way to find out if you actually understood everything 
There's more fixed timings involved which helps hold me accountable and give me a more fixed schedule. I also enjoy small group teaching over live classes as there's potential for discussion and sharing ideas to work out a problem (I do Maths so this is often really useful).
Interactive but casual at the same time 
It feels more interactive as I would be able to ask questions plus it would be more motivating knowing there's a live lecture rather than uploaded recorded one's. 
Can control the speed of tutor / able pause and rewind
I actually feel engaged when on a call with my peers and I know I’m up to speed with everyone else! 
don’t have to interact with anyone yet teachers are able to communicate material better
The live interaction, being able to see faces and ask questions then and there instead of having to emailing them 
Although the zoom classes were kind of fun and interactive however i think having prerecorded lecture for students and then a zoom class after where students should've been given an assignment to insure that they have watched the lecture would've been a lot more effective at least for me given that i am the type of learner that needs thing to be repeated more than once so i can fully understand and work well with the material i am given.
I haven't experienced the other modes 
You can repeat the parts of the lecture again if you didn‘t understand it completely and as well take some breaks if you want to. But most importantly the Professor will maybe give you some badly needed information or explanation, that you won‘t get that easily otherwise
Live classes (mode 1)
It forces participation, and there can be no passive learning in lessons - it means we remain focussed and alert in lessons, rather than getting distracted or procrastinating doing set assignments from emails.
It’s basically the same as an in person class except there are no distractions. Also, you can watch/complete the lectures on your own time.
Keeps me accountable. The schedule means I have to stay on top of things l.
easier communication + structure
Freedom in structuring my day :)
The most contact between student and teacher and easy possibilities. 
Because it’s basically just like normal class and you can ask questions and get them answered right away 
It gives you more flexibility to get the assignments completed at any point of the week 
I really miss the class discussions and this mode is the one that is more close to the presencial experience 
Panic if I had to interact with others 
It simulated some sort of human interaction.
Just easier to get on with doing the work
Because I like doing things at my own pace
With zoom, there is no obligation to contribute as you can just have both your microphone and video turned off, whilst with posts there is usually a deadline which means people have to respond in order to get a mark, so this means there is much more of a discussion going on through typing and not speaking
Because u can basically make your own plan, which is how I like to work I don't like it when I have to follow others plans I just feel less motivated . 
More interaction with the lecturers/ tutors 
It allows the material to be revisited more easily and allows more freedom of when I do the work
Much more interactive, could ask questions as you thought of them
Keeps students accountable 
It’s the best way which I understand and can easily ask questions to my teacher.
I can easily go back to it when I need to
More Engaging
Helps to ask questions and get immediate response while the material is still fresh in your mind rather than waiting 1-2 business days for a reply
Recorded live classes or audio recordings on lecture slides as you can go back and listen if your struggling to focus
Helps me focus and engage with the content more effectively.
More interactive, feels like normality
As I am largely studying humanities and literature, verbal explanation and discussion is central to my understanding 
It is more interactive and if I’m stuck I can get an answer immediately rather than waiting for the teacher to reply back which could take ages
To able to get other people’s feedback and easier to be heard the knowledge of module and it is explained better
You can pause the recording and watch it as many times as you want.
Because it’s happening in real time so it’s harder to procrastinate and not do it 
You can go back on something and repeat it as often as you like 
Allows better engagement and creates a more positive working atmosphere making everyone still feel connected and allows more time with tutors.
Can pause and take notes, repeat sections
it's just simple and easy going and i have always preferred lessons where we discuss
Because it allows direct interaction with the teacher instead of learning by yourself- I don’t feel like I can fully engage in work when I can’t easily and directly ask questions about it
Ability to respond immediately and better flowing conversations compared to just messages.
I learn more
Microsoft teams 
Can work at my own pace/convenience 
More engaging and easier to communicate and allows you to plan a schedule 
It’s the closest replacement to face to face teaching 
I like being able to do things at my own pace
More interactive, I feel that the effort I am making is reciprocated 
I get to interact with my supervisors like normal meetings the way they used to be. 
It’s much more engaging - I’d prefer if lectures were live too
Because you can watch it whenever you want and as many times as you want.
It makes me accountable and ensures I put aside enough time to really understand the content
Because I don’t have to speak awkwardly to teachers 
Able to ask teachers questions real time, learn more from face to face. 
I like to have 2 hours of just explaining all the content and having the ability to change the speed, pause or go back and basically learn at my own pace.
I work and understand more when the teacher is in front of me and keeps me motivated to understand the material. 
It gives me the chance to learn at my own pace and rewatch the lectures whenever I need to.
Work can be explained well and lots of material can be uploaded for use
able to ask questions and interact 
Can pause/do when it suits you
I was able to learn on my own time, I didn't have to be on camera, but it still felt like they were teaching me. When we uploaded work, it felt like I wasn't learning.
It’s better than things like zoom because I can go back and watch 
Face to fave
Teachers are able to explain the content in more detail than what a textbook or other material is capable of 
Can go back and replay bits if missed and can listen/watch lectures whenever i want!
Get to see someone in person. And their voice is usually way more interesting 
Can interact with fellow classmates and teachers 
Because i can repeatedly listen and learn without the time limits
I feel less alone when I can actually see my peers also studying and working from home :)
Because it enables me to handle work on my own time and prioritise according to my needs 
We don’t get the opportunity to use this method but I would prefer it as it would be more interactive and engaging, would also provide more motivation to watch as it’s easier to just skip through a recorded piece 
Because I'm free to work at my own pace (sometimes an hour lesson only needs 10mins, sometimes 2hours!)
Can give the full content without worrying about a time limit 
We get all the same information as we would in a class and we can still speak to our teacher and classmates about the lesson occurring 
Interaction is the best way for me to learn 
Can ask questions, have discussions beyond or around the lecture content, and you can actually see people!!
I can ask questions
It allows me to work at my own pace, I can ask my professors questions via email if I need help 
Can ask questions there and then and don’t have to wait for a reply. Having a little/simple question (which can normally be done in lectures/seminars) to ask then having to email and wait for a reply delays on getting started with whatever it is 
I would love a mix of live class and discussions. I feel like I’m only learning what I need to learn for the discussions and not understanding the overall subject/importance of certain things. 
Because you are able to work through the material like it would be taught in a face to face lecture. It also helps it being recorded as it is more engaging and so you are able to understand and absorb the information more successfully. You can also go back over the lecture if you missed something. Something you wouldn’t necessarily be able to do in a live zoom lecture. 
Able to interact with the teachers
Means I actually have to do the work
Makes you feel engaged
You can take your time to fully understand the content being explained and go through the video at your own pace 
Felt closest to normal
Gives the opportunity for further questions and elaboration
I can work at my own pace and timescale. It works around my employment and my free time. 
easier to follow
Because I can rewatch the videos if I’m finding the work difficult
You only can follow the class then and there no procrastination possible which is perfect for someone like me who does most things very last minute. You need to concentrate and follow that exact class and you can’t go back to repeat what has been said, which is in my opinion the closest thing to an actual fysical class. (of course teachers will also all answer your questions that may occur on the spot which is convenient as well) 
Good to pause at any moment to make sure I fully understand the content
As a discussion about the topic can make it easier to absorb the information.
Due to slow internet connection, it is the most feasible and accessible method.
It's more dynamic and it makes it easier to discuss 
As an essential worker, recorded lectures meant I wasnt missing out and could schedule learning around my work hours 
Because there is more interaction and you can ask questions and recieve answers immediately. 
Because one can create their own schedule, fitting personal preferences of working, i.e. early in the morning/ in the evening, everything in a big chunk or decided into small portions 
More interactive 
More motivation to actually do the work + I get to see my classmates
Teaching is more direct and (I believe) is most comparable to the typical lecture style learning we are used to (as an undergraduate student) 
To be able to coherently voice my understandings and opinions on work as well as to engage with that of others and get expertise from the academic all in real time and as normal as possible!!
I have to piece things together to be able to understand it. It doesn't allow me to zone out as easily as recorded lectures or live classes
Because i can learn the materials whenever i want and depends on my wifi connection
I feel like it engages me more with what we are learning whereas having recorded lectures doesn’t motivate me or make me want to learn the material as much. This is because if it’s recorded I feel like it will always be there but having a teacher present and who is actively trying to engage your attention makes me want to learn more about the subject being taught
Allows me to watch/learn at my own pace
it allows more time for questions to be answered and methods to be explained in further depth/ it’s less restrictive
Most like ‘normal class’ and quicker to ask questions
I can do my work in my own time. I don’t find that it’s very helpful for teachers to have videos because a lot of time is wasted talking about things that we could just read instead, but this is probably just because of my learning style.
Easier to go back on recorded lecture if I don’t understand something 
It's interactive, I feel like I'm getting direct feedback, we can discussions and I have to participate so I'm less distracted.
Because I can ask my teacher Qs on the spot when I dont understand what hes teaching.
Seems easier than no interactive lessons at all. At the moment they set work on Microsoft Teams 
It’s easy to access, can pause and replay, less anxiety inducing than zoom and you can still email lecturers with any questions.
It’s nice to interact and makes me actually watch them. If they were recorded I would just put it off 
I can rewatch it any time
I can learn more on my own, it seems more efficient 
Allows more flexibility to choose the schedule 
Because you can have a chat and it’s easier to understand and/or ask questions 
Because live classes always have technical issues and people speaking over each other, discussion forums and uploaded materials don't let you absorb as much
It’s the only one I have used and that my teachers have set up 
Less interaction with peers 
I can do the work in my own time, at my own pace
feels most similar to normal in person lessons and allows for questions throughout and better communication with the teacher
It allows interaction between students and teachers
I can ask questions and it‘s more personal
I learn best on my own for the most part anyway with still a bit of guidance
Immediate student / teacher interaction
Class collaboration 
Live lectures like zoom or Adobe connect make me feel anxious and guilty for not participating and interacting with the prof, so recorded lectures ease that anxiety, but still have the benefit of aural learning 

Most interactive + stimulating
So I can do the work whenever I want to. 
Can watch anytime you want, great to have flexibility. 
Can easily communicate in real time with visual stimuli.
It is the closest thing to face to face discussion
It was a virtual classroom that allowed me to interact with everyone. I could see everyone and talk to everyone. It was also very engaging - I think I would have fallen asleep if I just had to watch recordings! 
I find it more flexible around my time, I can do the work when ever I want in the day and it won’t interrupt my personal life. This allows me to not organise my day round a video call that may not be useful. If I need help I just email.
so far it’s the only one i have tried 
Less work and more normal Amount of work.
interaction and feedback, feeling connected
Fun and I get to see all my teachers and friends 
Because I can see my friends
It takes twice as long to cover lecture material yourself from just uploaded slides and notes. A live lecture would also help to maintain day-to-day structure. 
There is an opportunity for students to interact with other peers and the lecturer. 
It somehow still feels like being in a class where everyone's gathered in one place. Recorded videos wouldn't require much of my energy as I can pause at any time, but that means I can be more tempted to shift my attention elsewhere.
More engaging & easier to ask questions/interact with lecturer and classmates 
I like the written material (books) I get. I just prefer learning by myself 
I feel as though I'm actively learning rather than mindlessly reading from a screen.
More interactive 
can be paused and stopped to take notes and engage with what’s being written
Easier to engage in the learning material and allow discussion of topics 
-the most engaging form of online learning (from my perspective of course)
-Helps me feel connected with my instructors and classmates which in turn makes me connect more to the material and encouraging through sense of community
-ability to ask questions as I learn new material, and creates discussions within “classroom” that leads to more critical thinking 
-from my experience it is more detailed, and concepts stick most easily 
More interactive, able to ask questions and receive feedback in real -time 
Can easily watch at my own pace 
Can rewatch them until I understand the content.
It’s the most true to in person learning
I like to work in my own pace as I struggle to understand content when someone is constantly talking (e.g in a lecture). I find when there is uploaded content (such as a word document with a reading task and questions) I can move in my own pace and take my own time to learn the material. 
Makes sure I'm there at that specific time to maintain a healthy rythm to my day
More interactive 
I think its because lecturers have the option to put up their material up as well and explain well as progressing through the slide show! 
I enjoy face to face learning better
Mainly because uploaded material is the only thing I have experienced I am yet to take an online live class or discussion. However I get extremely uncomfortable on calls with lots of people and work better when left to my own devices and just to get on with it. 
Because it’s still that face to face communication and still feels kinda like a normal class 
Because I can interact with my instructors and classmates and I can make questions 
Because I can go back if I don’t understand something 
more independent 
It meant that we could interact with our lecturers in that moment. It also provided structure to my days and meant that I was accountable for doing work whilst at home.
My uni did recorded lectures with discussion on zoom afterwards which was actually great! It had the classroom benefits of discussion/questions etc but now that I am taking my exams, I am loving being able to revisit the old lectures!
It most closely resembles a real class that I am used to attending, and holds me accountable at a time when it is very easy to slip into procrastination.
To watch it any time when I can.
i can do it in my own time and enjoy what i’m learning more
Ability to ask questions and engage with the teacher
Easy access to teachers and debate + more motivation
You can watch in your own time
All of the work is clearly written so you can go back and make sure you are doing what you are supposed to be.
I can get the explanation from a person and rewind it etc until I fully understand
Easy to watch at my own pace.
Video calls are stressful and not very productive. It’s difficult to hold class discussions due to delays etc, and making sure everyone understands the content takes twice as long, because questions feel more disruptive when a teacher is in the middle of a lecture because you can’t raise your hand before you ask. I prefer just working remotely and being emailed powerpoints and worksheets, because I feel as though the only information I won’t gain from those is class discussion, which isn’t very successful online.
It makes me feel less alone
You can watch in your own time
I like to be able to see everyone and still have that interaction with people even if it’s not in person. 
You can watch it anytime and also rewatch it. You can also pause it so if they are going too fast to take it down in your copy you have time. Also if you zoned out for a few seconds you can rewind it.
It is more engaging. 
I like to be set the work upfront, work through it at my own pace using the power points, write my assignments then any questions I have I email and my teacher quickly responds 
You can go at your own pace whilst still getting input from the teacher 
Can stop and rewind if needed and can be done in my own time
You can Ask question during the class.
Uploaded materials with no live explanations or a chance to ask questions makes me feel like i could sign my name instead of the teacher's/lecturer's after the course has ended and there's no point of going to the uni in the first place when i can (have to) learn everything by myself.  
Easier to understand information 
I prefer being able to rewind/rewatch the lessons at a later time if I didn’t comprehend them well enough the first time.
I find it easier to focus when I can read in silence, I have anxiety and am very sensitive to noise so I can’t focus when people are saying things to me. Uploaded or emailed materials are things that I can use at my own pace in my own relaxed environment and so I find these easier to learn from. 
It's easy to start and stop the lecture and learn the material more thoroughly. When in online call classes, I find it hard to grasp material because the professors dont have the ability to see the reactions of students to the material. They cant grasp when students are lost 
More of an acoustic learner and easier to understand concepts
Because it allows me to work at my own pace and I don't depend on being connected all the time.
Its easier to pause, rewind and come back to after the first video watching
interactive and feels nomes normal
You can get personal feedback but still work in your own pace/time 
You get to take your own time to fully understand the content without being carried away.
Can ask questions in real time 
It forces me to pay attention and I am able to easily ask questions of my teacher and participate in group discussions. It also makes me feel connected to people and feel less lonely 
Because it is the most realistic and similar method to normal classes.
Easy access at whatever time of day 
If your WiFi is dodgy, live classes may be quite glitchy and you may miss important info while with uploaded material you’ve got lots of time to look at the info.
Because it is most similar to regular class in school
Because you can get questions answered immediately rather than waiting hours for a reply over email.
Because we can be face ti face with both our class and teachers and get questions answered in real time. 
It simulates the classroom environment more accurately. My English class used this for feedback on our coursework and this just allowed us to develop work using our train of thought that can’t be communicated on other platforms. Also it allowed the class to gain ideas from others feedback and just in general made me feel less isolated in the first few weeks when I was digesting the fact that a levels were done.
I can get my questions answered at that given time!
It feels like private one on one tutoring
Freedome 
Because it’s the most interactive and means I can get responses to questions live, rather than having to wait for them to get back 
Can take my time and still get a teacher to talk me through the work 
Live classes can be hard to focus on. And for me, discussion can feel inauthentic and unhelpful when not face to face. 
More interactive and live, can ask questions if you don’t understand.
It feels like your in an actuall class and you can as help as soon as you need it without waiting for long replies
less awkward than quiet zoom tutorials but same information
Much more interactive and feels closest to being in a real class
I want to study when i want 
It lets you complete online work without anxieties of using zoom/online chats in your own homes 
Easier to focus when you feel up to it
More interactivity
Easy and organised as I have a schedule to follow 
Because i can watch it whenever i want
You get to be in real time with your classmates so you still get interaction with friend. 
Instructors are actively teaching the material, as opposed to expecting students to teach themselves completely.
Because it gives me the freedom to adjust the learning to my personal schedual, for example, I know I’m at my best in terms of focusing and being enganged in the learning at night, and having the classes recordes allows me to get the most out of them and my concentration.
I struggle to manage my time in quarantine sometimes and with recorded lecture i ca watch them when it’s convenient 
Small-group teaching where you can discuss your thoughts and bounce ideas off your peers is always the most constructive, in my opinion! Also, I study foreign languages so it’s imperative to often be speaking and hearing them! 
So i was actually accountable to go through the lecture and listen properly for the whole lecture 
Can do it at whatever time you wanf
Interaction and focus 
You're able to engage with the other students and the teachers in real time (receive help instantly etc)
It’s interactive! I learn through discussion and via a forum it’s easy to see the discussion and to contribute 
Because if the classes are live I have to watch them when they're scheduled and then I don't procrastinate as much 
You can ask questions without it being awkward
I feel like I’m most productive in an official setting and because live classes give me that I prefer it compared to the others. Also I get see my classmates and can have open discussions with them too. 
Any questions that I may have would generally be answered at that moment, and it also provides me with a similar setting to classrooms so content is taught verbally.
I find it is very important to interact with teachers still, I would have found recorded lectures to be uninteractive 
It is the closest to being in an actual classroom, which therefore provides the best learning! It also ensures we are kept in the ‘school mode’ when working.
I am able to skim back and forth through the video in case i missed any points
Can engage with the other students
it’s as if we are in a classroom and we can  get work done together at a regular pace rather than at an irregularly fast pace bc teachers pile work on and think it’s faster to do bc you do it on your own
Motivating 
Can do at your own pace
Easy to ask questions and you feel more connected 
I can see my work in front of me and do it on my own time
Makes it easier for me to block out my time and keeps it flexible 
It’s nice to actually listen to the tutor explaining a concept 
Pre recorded lectures allow more flexibility and are less exhausting than live classes, but are more in depth than uploaded material or forums
Cus ur acc gettin matirial like in class
You can get instant feedback on work, have communication to give you a sense of normality, and also as a music student it’s pretty tricky to do without it!
feeling of everyone sitting there at the same time together & feeling of accountability & structure to the days 
Interactive 

It allows me to take time to write my notes and go over parts that i don't understand very well, and think about the questions that i can send to my teacher afterwards.
Can watch them in your own time, pausing it when you don’t understand or trying to write notes
Do it at own pace (especially in isolation with mixed emotions) 
easier to focus and take in information 
Because I can interact with my professors and friends, which makes social distancing easier. 
We can connect with the teacher, ask if we have any doubts and it feels more like a classroom 
I like to learn by myself under the instructure
Able to ask questions in real time and you are actually being taught rather than teaching yourself. 
I think it would be more engaging and flexible at the same time, not that I have yet experienced it. 
Videos are more engaging than other materials and concepts can be explained in further detail
Live classes still feel somewhat like in person lectures
I never opened the uploaded lecture slides but if I had a scheduled online class to attend, I would have attended
I am in mostly math classes and this way I am able to pause, understand the concept, and then move on which gives me a greater understanding the first time I learn something because I can go at my own pace. We have office hours for any questions so I can have one on one discussions with my professors that way
I can choose the time, when I can concentrate the best
direct interaction with teacher and classmates
Because teachers explain, have more knowledge and experience than textbooks 
It helps me to engage with the material and complete work that is beneficial to my learning. 
Face to face teacher contact
Self-motivated and self-directed learning. Clarifications can then be made in the next “live class” so it ensures better learning 
I have time to focus
It allows the teacher to explain fully and in a way they know their class will understand
More closely mimics an in class experience, also requires less self motivated learning
It's hard for me to concentrate and feel motivated, since we are in quarentine, but the other alternatives wouldn't work as well because I would often procastinate. But I would like of my classes had more interaction 
I’m a hands on learner so video meeting for class is almost like having class in person
I can look at is as many times as I need to and transfer it into a form of learning of my choice which will help me absorb it better. I can also do it in my own time!
most like how i would’ve been learning material if it wasn’t for covid so don’t need to learn a whole new routine ! and requires less self motivation as i know i have to attend the classes rather than should i do the work now or later etc 
It feels more interactive 
Recorded lectures allow me to study the content my own time and at my own pace. However, if I don’t complete the lectures in a certain time frame then I will more work to do.
I can work at my own pace 
i find zoom calls very disengaging so i like to be able to go at my own pace with prerecorded content
Because I can go back and relisten to any information that I missed when writing notes
I am more aware of the content as have to concentrate to keep up with the conversation. Self directed work is not always completed
Can do your notes in your own time and aren’t restricted by times for zoom calls. 
Own pace
Lectures were often unhelpful and felt pointless
More interaction and can ask questions, also  it feels more like a class and I’m more likely to engage in the material
Play, pause and rewind as my pace, so don’t have the added pressure of only getting one chance to understand the content. 
I feel like in some way i still get to interact with my teachers, basically maintaining as closely as possible my relationship with them 
i was able to go back if I didn’t understand a material clearly
Easier to focus, allows for work/topics to be explained well
I prefer to read 
It feels nice to interact and see our teachers. Especially in these trying times any sort of social interaction is welcome.
Student can go at their own pace and understand properly 
It's possible to just ask questions at the time and also see my classmates and how they're doing, even if it's by a webcam
i can rewatch the video
Like to work at my own pace and at my own time
I feel more connected to the teachers and my classmates. Therefore, I feel more connected to what we are doing and just seeing the people I would normally see properly everyday in real life is nice (even if it is through a screen). It makes me feel happier. 
It forces me to engage with the content- I can't dissociate and pretend the work doesnt exist if I have to discuss it with a teacher.
More interactive and social
Recorded lectures can be accessed at any time whereas live classes maybe missed due to the timing schedule.
It takes most of the stress out of classes and gives us the possibility to learn at our own pace. 
Uploaded material tends to be regurgitated from the textbook whereas live lessons tend to be richer in explanation and I personally find it easier to learn audibly
It's easier for me to keep track of things and do all my studies my way of I can just shove everytthing into a folder and then go from there without javing to watch lectures/be in a class and depending on others. 
Can do it on my own time and rewatch parts if needed.
I think class discussions are such a useful way to learn and this is easiest to do on Zoom
because I understand better when their is actual work, I tend to not focus when a teacher is explaining something through live
Can watch in your own time, pause the video to process info without having to re-watch the lecture later on
You can hear the teacher actually explain the content rather than looking and reading lesson powerpoints and trying to work it out from only the information on the slides 
More interactive, can ask questions (used for tutorials, workshops etc )
More interaction with the teacher and classmate, helps give more structure to my days
As much interaction as i can get these days 
More interactive, more likely to participate in the learning 
It keeps students engages and replicates a standard classroom enviroment. It also eases the switch the online learning as a timetable is still put in place.
We are able to watch back lessons and also complete things in our own time/ when we work best instead of having to go with a scheduled time like on a zoom call 
Flexible and you can go back a listen again if you need to revise or write an essay.
It is more engaging and by far the best method in my school.

Live chats are much easier to foster and create discussion than something like zoom. We have recorded lectures as well, but when my lecturer doesn’t write anything on the slides it takes me 3 times as long to watch it and take notes
Can refer back to it if missed/too quick.
More engaging
As I can decide to do it when I want, online calls are so useless I much prefer a prerecorded video of someone going through the material so I can work at my own pace 
For the one course I had as a live class, I was more attentive and had a structured time to when I had to be present. I prefer to listen to someone speak than to read because I know I respond best when I can hear the tone or passion that the speaker has for the content we are learning. It also made the professor more accessible if I had further questions
More interactive and easier to ask questions 
Real time interaction happens, and if well conducted the discussion can lead to action/personal projects. The later I have only experienced during informal webinars , usually not directed by HE institutions.
I can pause if I get distracted, and make sure  I go back a bit if I get lost
Because you can watch them anytime you want; it's much better to do so when we are in the mood to learn
Allow us to do in our own time. Still allows material to be explained.  
I can ask questions as we go along and because it’s live it feels....I don’t really know less weird and I feel more like I’m a student which is something I’ve gotten to realize is important in these months for normalcy and keeping sane!
More interactive 
I like to do it in my own time and be able to pause it to note take or re watch bits !! Live zoom calls are harder to stay focused on than if I can pause it and work through it at my own pace
Can do in my own time as often not awake early 
I am a visual learner, if the recorded videos had visuals with the teacher I would prefer that. But just listening to a recording would not help me. 
It is more interactive and teachers explain more as more questions are asked
 Can watch whenever suits me
It was the next best thing to actually being in a class. It makes it feel like the tutors care more if it is live! 
I'm finding it hard to self motivate myself when working alone with no schedule, so I would rather have a more structured "lesson" with my classmates and teacher. I also prefer to work in groups, which is not as easy with emailed work
I can pause to take notes and I can watch them when the house is quiet enough to not get distracted.  
I can learn at my own time and pace
I can rewatch the parts I miss for recorded lectures.
We're able to engage with the instructor much more, by asking questions, rather than just listening to a recording. 
We haven’t actually gotten to do any zoom calls but I think it would be good if we did cause the teacher could actually go through things with us rather than just setting work.
Less time wasted 
More convenient. 
Can study at any time
I enjoyed being able to ask questions in class. I think if I was a freshman in mostly gen Ed classes, I would like recorded lectures so I could increase the speed of the lecture. 
Feels more like we’re I’m a classroom, it’s more engaging and I feel like I’m learning and benefitting more than just completing  pre set materials alone.
Better interaction, more personal
I can do it in my own time
More interaction 
It’s the most interactive and feels as close to being in actual lectures as possible.
You get to ask questions and have a normal conversation 
We have the freedom to stop whenever we want and watch them earlier/later
Because I can ask the teacher questions directly during the lesson.
It is the most similar experience to classes that we had before the lockdown and gives the best experience as things could be solved in the same way and clarifications could be made easier than in other modes. In addition, it creates a classroom atmosphere better than the other modes which I find helpful.
I was able to ask questions and interact with my classmates and professors. 
I feel like I am an actual student in a class engaging and critically thinking with my peers. When I just watch a video or read something online, that feels like what I could do by myself in my free time anyway! 
If I don’t understand something I have the option to rewind and study it again
Discussion chats/forums stimulates discussion in real life and forces everyone to participate instead of it being passive learning
It means I would be able to ask questions and have then answered straight away, allowing follow up questions to also be asked and answered.
Mimics what we would have in university normally
I can work at my own pace 
I find it easy to interact and communicate with my teachers
It is easier for us to make questions and interact with the teacher, it creates a much more dinamic atmosphere than other methods.
I prefer recorded lessons as I am able to rewind and take down notes. Especially during this time, with exposure to a new routine and way of learning, I find it extremely useful to be able to rewatch lessons in order to fully comprehend the topic and ensure I am caught up with all work and understanding by the time schools are opened again.
More effective as I could interact with the tutor and make decisions on the lesson which is really helpful to conduct the information in the most easier way in that lockdown 

It provides the ability to ask questions and it also makes me get up in the morning!! With pre-recorded lectures I can watch them whenever and it’s so much easier to procrastinate doing so.
I struggle to learn without interacting so I can sort of bounce my understanding off into other people and develop my ideas. It also helps me hear concepts in new perspectives. Also human behaviour is varied and it makes the lessons and content significantly more memorable. 
Because we can ask questions while the teaching is occurring if we are stuck so if we do not understand things it is much easier to get help. It is also a mix of a discussion forum and a lecture so I find it a got balance between the two
As I would get more stuff I do, I have just been uploading work but have I been learning and understanding the topics I do. Not that much :( 
Because it allows for discussion and interaction. Bouncing off my tutor and other students challenges my assumptions and helps me to see angles I might not have otherwise considered. It also reduces feelings of isolation, and reminds me I’m part of a cohort.
Easy to see what needs to be done
I can take notes on my own way


Because questions appear as the class develops so I can ask them in that moment and have a clear answer. 
I get to learn at my own pace, while still being able to learn visually and auditorally from my teacher.
My part time job as a university student suddenly became a full time job because of the coronavirus (I work in a clinic) . Having pre-recorded lectures or uploaded content allowed me to actually finish my semester (as I would not have been able to attend live classes). Although It might not be an ideal method for learning effectively, it allowed me to not miss out on anything. Discussion formus were also opened to discuss the material afterwards. 
It feels the most natural to me, plus seeing people’s faces helps and keeps me motivated. 
It's a more engaging way of learning and can be completed at a time that's convenient when compared to uploaded materials.
Students can get a much better understanding of the course materials as the teacher can go more in-depth into the work and explain things rather than just upload work for students to try and teach themselves.
its more scheduled helps to create a routine
You can interact with people more easily 
It gives me motivation
More engaging and I’m more motivated to attend 
It's the closest thing to a normal classroom 
Easier to retain information as you can listen to what the lecturers are saying as well as view the PowerPoint.
I don't have enough motivation to do it by myself and set a time of the day to do it
it feels more personal and makes the experience more 'normal' emailing at teacher a question about the work leaves time for you to become distracted whilst waiting for a reply, whereas if you are in a more classroom like setting your question can be answered almost immediately 
There is more time allowed when answering questions and there is no pressure associated with getting something wrong in front of your classmates
i’m a slow writer so i like to be able to pause things
a more flexible way to learn especially as an international student
Feels more real
More focused.
Closest mode to real physical lectures  
Live classes are more interactive , keep me motivated and engaged
More interactive 
Can break up the lectures and have more breaks
The virtual face to face interaction
I want to feel like I’m still going to a lesson- real interaction and discussion with the teacher, ability to dedicate time in the day to work, rather than it being at my own accord
Because I feel like emailed resources give me no motivation and it just feels like endless homework, whereas recorded lessons/lectures give me the zone and atmosphere of an actual lesson so I'm more motivated and able to concentrate, while still giving me the flexibility to look after my mental health and be able to help support my family and keep on top of everything else at home

Talking helps put informstion in your head and recorded videos can be rewatched until you unferstand it
More interactive 
Like I mentioned I’m taking a bachelor in dance so it’s a lot of practical work I prefer when we can do some online contemporary or ballet classes
Like I mentioned I’m taking a bachelor in dance so it’s a lot of practical work I prefer when we can do some online contemporary or ballet classes
Can discuss with other class members and ask teachers questions easily
It is more interactive and I can see my teacher and immediately ask for any help with the given task.
I like to work at my own pace, and then have the opporunity to ask questions in a seminar later, rather than rushing through notes in a live lecture 
Because it’s Live I feel like I’m being more engaged and active when listening to new material
It is easier to learn under the current circumstances but it also gives me a flexible schedule 
I can rewatch it whenever I want if I need to.
More interactive, actually makes me complete yhe work in the hour (not three) 
most similar to classroom but no need to get ready 
Direct information with minimised interference and rarely any technological difficulties 
If I have missed or I am unable to attend the time for the live online lesson it will be so much easier if the lesson is recorded, so not only I can catch up on what I missed but also being able to re watch it again later on if I am confusion on a certain topic area.
It is the only way we receive work so there is no comparison 
Social interaction and more engaging 
Less laggy and more efficient
Its a lot easier
Allows for easier return to necessary materials and no social interaction
It feels more normal and I have FAR more motivation to actually do the work set, although it is more time consuming and difficult in these times. 
Because it allows you to start dialogue or ask questiond but you can also just sit back and listen to you teacher and other students.
Because I think we would get best education with it, but sadly we don't use it
 Because I can understand it easily.
Because then I could go back to the lecture and make sure I didn’t miss anything important
The interaction is a big part of my learning and I find I am much more likely to ask questions in person. I am also less likely to fall behind as there is the motivation to know what I’m saying in class. 
I understand it easier and can ask questions easily and fast
It is just about the same as catching up on a lecture you have missed
Because there is more engagement with course content, and you are able to go into breakout rooms to collaborate and discuss
Most active
I can ask questions and receive immediate answer from instructor so slide-to-slide there's no interruption in my understanding. Also, attending a live class where attendance is taken keeps me accountable whereas if we only had recorded lectures I may procastinate and not studied them on time.
Interaction and sense of learning together + easier to talk to the professors
It’s easier for me to go back over things I didn’t understand that first time around
It seems the most real compared to normal in class learning, I still really dislike it though
Ease of accessing whenever you want. Most similar to lecture capture which is a familiar tool. 

When using live classes would have to remain muted anyway so not much more is gained out of a live lecture vs a pre recorded lecture 

For workshop sessions where topic questions are answered would prefer a live class where the ability to ask a question there and then would be acceptable
More interactive. Better understanding of subject from actual discussion.
You can engage with the others in your class
More discussion, opportunity to ask questions, collaboration with peers 
The lecture notes are explained better and I can go at my own pace (both faster and slower than the lecturer goes). I find it annoying constantly pausing a video to take it in. 
More engaging 
Flexible time
Interaction with others 
Most interactive way of online learning. 
Most similar to inclass, allows discussions to happen in front of everyone. 
Me and my classmates are more enganged in our class and I think it kind of makes us feel more “normal” which is important right now.
Id rather engage with the teacher when learning new content, review is fine for self teaching small things/reviewing but otherwise id rather see a person
Easier to do on my own time
It is the closest thing to in person classes.
I can easily pause the videos to take notes, or rewind to go back over something I didn’t understand.
Because I can replay the parts that i want to have a solid grasp of .
Tho i would say that an add live session would be beneficial so you can ask questions directly
Being interactive while learning is very beneficial for me. I like to ask questions too
Able to watch it in your own pace
We can ask questions and get a response immediately. Also, this way the professor feels more engaged and conducts the lesson in a more “normal” way - it’s not as awkward and short as a recorded lecture with no students
As then the teacher can explain rather than having the student teach themselves which is harder 
It feels like I'm in the classroom
Non contact 
Because we can be face ti face with both our class and teachers and get questions answered in real time. 
I can pause or rewind the video. Everyone can fit the video into their personal schedule, which is better than making everyone be online for a class at a time which may not suit all students 
I can interact with other students, have discussions which help me understand the topics, and ask my totor questions directly
I’m not comfortable with talking 
it allows interaction
Live
Live classes usually are more extensive in time and my attention spam is not capable of handling it for more than 20 to 30 of online learning. Record lectures have a tendency to have a 20 minutes limit, making it more barrable.
Easy to rewatch so can take everything in
Because I am able to learn by myself and I have all the resources I then need
Living in a third world country, the internet is unstable most of the time so having zoom meetings would be a hassle for a lot of students
I can take my time and make sure I’ve understood the content by pausing etc
More freedom with timing and ways of understanding, less constraints. Everyone learns differently
This was the only option we were given as a school. 
Because I’m not very familiar with other ones, since 90% of time they used this mode of teaching.
Flexibility 
I’d get longer content/same as I’d been getting before and be able to engage live with the material 
Closed thing to a real class but less socially awkward and I can watch in my own time. Although live classes are also good as they give the day structure
Allows me to choose when I watch the videos and if I'm busy on a certain day I don't have to worry about missing a lecture 
Because I understand material being spoke to me instead of reading it myself because of my dyslexia 
It is easier for the teacher to explain the topics we are learning and replicate the classroom environment, as well as for us to ask questions face to face. 
because is the most similar to the classes in person
It's more interactive and I find the whole class being there to ask and answer questions with eachother increases the effectiveness of the learning experience 
You can work at your own pace and if you ever need help you can just ask your teacher and they can contact you accordingly.
As this a more practical way to learn and have an opportunity to bounce of each other - I feel in a classroom learning environment I learn better, I feel better and I am a better student being left to do it in my room for example I procrastinate so much and don’t get it done 
It allows students to be more engaged with class material, even at home. You cannot learn properly by just reading it, most of what you remember is likely to be what's said
Because I feel like I can refer back to the resources given in further education 
It easier to watch back take notes and the professors are somewhat competent in the technology as the majority of our lectures were recorded in the past also
I still get a full lesson from my teacher without having live confrontations and I can also re-watch it as much as I need to understand the content. It is better than discussion forums because other students aren’t reading my work.
the ability to pause and write notes/take breaks 
I prefer this because I feel like I integrate and apply The concepts better
You can take your time to understand content and work through it at your own pace and without classroom pressure
It feels like i’m taking lecture in class.
Easy to ask questions,
easy to discuss with other students.
Personal connection
Can watch in own time, can pause it whenever to make notes / re play, and dont have to see classmates who I might not like etc (avoid any anxieties etc surrounded by seeing people who you are now not having to see anymore)
Mire likely to grasp more info
Because I like to actually be able to see my teachers and classmates, and I think that having them there “live” to answer questions and explain assignments, especially because this type of learning is so new to all of the students, is very helpful.
It allows me to go at my own pace. Faster or slower, whatever I need
Maintains the school routine best 
Because it allows me to go back and check things as many times as I need 
Because you can choose the time you are able to work on the lectures and at which pace 
It feels most like in person classes
Because I can always refer back to it without wasting much storage.
Because we have a spontaneous interaction with our teacher and classmates 
Because I can manage my schedule more efficiently if I have recorder lectures. You can finish your assignments and then listen to everything that you missed this week 
Able to ask questions, when something is live there's not the option to slack/ take a break so you can't get distracted 
I don't have to show up, nor watch long videos. I can work at my own pace and still slay it !! 
can pause the videos because having lessons recorded might have poor audio at some points so it's good to have it able to replay again and again
It allows to interact with fellow students and the lecturer/seminar leaders to ask questions and having that interactivity of a normal class
I prefer discussion chats as you can take the time to formulate an answer and the ideas between people seem to flow better. This is opposed to trying to mimic in person organic discussion via zoom, which I have found to be clunky and unsuccessful. 
Still interactive with your lecturer 
To be interactive, and can ask questions immediately when needed.
It is convenient and I can watch them at anytime 
because one can freely choose when to do the assignment 
Because my university is had alwayd only offered online courses, and this is the only mode I've used.
It’s more hands on, and I can connect with other people rather than just watching videos
Because I learn best when in an interactive environment and I’m able to talk to people/ask questions. I find I have less motivation to watch recordings compared to turning up to a class.
We can interact and it is easier to learn. But I like when they upload material as well, it takes less time to learn.
Accessible anytime
You still have the engagement with the teacher and the class, you’re able to actively discuss and ask questions   
Interaction. Its live and happening so it creates a routine and structure for the day
It I easier to look back on, and to become more flexible with the times. 
Can do it at my own pace!
helps you gain a base understanding of content do that you can build knowledge through assignments
I feel more accountable for my learning and it helps to see other people
We can always go back to review the lecture videos anytime at our own pace.
During live classes it’s very chaotic and noisy because some people have loud background noises so chats and forums I think are a better way to ask question and clarify doubts because when you write what your thinking you pay more attention to making sure that the way your phrase sentences makes sense. Also even if WiFi connection is slow  at least you’ll still be able to send messages which will eventually reach than having to wait for a persons screen to unfreeze. 
Able to ask questions in real time
I like knowing I’m still interacting with others (i.e. I can interact with people in real time, seeing their faces, etc.) It’s also easier to ask  questions when the teacher is right there!
I have time to read or view the content and go back as much time as possible 
More engaging
It resembles a physical class more than the other modes and I feel that we engage better with the teachers this way
More interactive 
It can be accessed at any time and anywhere so with the COVID situation everyone's routines have shifted and it allows for people to complete the work when it best fits them instead of having a specific zoom call or conference call time slot
I have to stay in a schedule 
Quality discussion
easy to engage with and can watch in your own time
Prefer the anonymity, as I don’t like to actively participate, and also allows for freedom with when to watch it. 
Can do them in your own time and own schedule
students can fully engage with the class and discuss with fellows
Allows me to fully understand new concepts through visual presentation and being able to see how the teacher goes through them. Also, it allows me to focus more.
Can do it whenever 
It forces me to learn the material and understand it more
More engaging 
so i am able to keep up with the work 
Because it's more easier to ask question and it would be more like school setting rather than sending so many emails to clear stuff out.
So I am able to study when I am free and in the mood to do so or even if I want to review the class again it's easier to do so.
I can watch it whenever, pause and take notes and bring up the playback speed. 
It's a video of someone explaining so easier to comprehend and also easier to take notes from because it's pause-able. 
it is more engaging and collaborative 
I can still interact with my teachers as my classes are small enough to
Live classes give me anxiety 
best we’ve been offered 
Immediacy and still a human connection element. 
allows for actual engagement rather than paddive listening
Easier to stay engaged and be interactive with the material. Also ability to ask questions. 
Closet thing to in-class learning 
I like studying at my own pace and not rushing to write down notes while the professor is live and they’re scrolling through the screen rather quickly. 
I am able to go through the content at a pace that suits me best
Easier to communicate
The convenience of being able to do my uni work when I choose to around my busy work/life schedule.
I can go back a rewatch if I don’t understand something and can take my time and not feel rushed 
It allows you to share ideas and feel more like you are in the classroom. It also means you are completing a realistic amount of work within your lesson time frames
It allows me to work through the content at my own pace 
I can learn at my own pace and pause and take breaks but still feel as though I’m not having to explain content to myself my teacher would have otherwise. 
It requires live social interaction and a structured schedule that maintains a sense of normalcy.
Although it’s not ideal and I don’t prefer the online learning, but It’s the closest to the real study setting/college class room.
Because i can watch at my own pace and make notes with drawings that i fully understand.
Interaction in real time
But I would prefer uploaded or emailed material for assignments and projects so we could have our time and do it at our own pace
Communicating ideas online needs to be more interactive than face to face lectures/classes as class is easily done in a passive way otherwise and learning isn’t solid 
I find zoom meetings really hard to have good discussions in. A lot of the non-verbal cues of conversation are not in zoom and its an extra level of uncertainty that is stressful. 
Because we have the teacher/professor right in front of us to help us with our assignments
i like the interaction with teachers and actually being able to answer questions as if in a lesson
Engagement with the material
It’s more accessible 
It’s more interactive and it’s in real time so you can ask questions and get them answered straight away 
I currently live in a different timezone (-11 hrs) which made zoom classes challenging.
Being able to see fellow classmates and my teachers.
I can rewatch the lectures again if I dont understand the topic discussed 
Getting to ask questions directly, live discussion, etc
It puts pressure on me which is needed for me to actually complete tasks
It’s the closest to a presencial class and I can ask questions while the professors teach and expose the subjects.
Flexibility in where and when I can attend my classes. I could also stop or speed up the video as needed. It was also helpful to have these videos as anytime during revision I needed to refresh my learning, I could go back to these videos.
Zoom was awkward, difficult to “speak up” in
Slightly more accountability, and the face to face interaction helps me focus. 
I get anxious about attending in person but especially online with cameras as there’s no way you can “hide” i guess and the increased pressure to contribute
Social interaction 
Can do at any time anywhere 
Because the Philippine education is teacher centered and attending live classes is just listening to a monologue of a teacher at a slow pace. The only thing pulled up is the powerpoint slide and most of them don’t know how to annotate or to write on the ppt or just don’t have the resources like an ipad or apple pencil. So it gets really confusing when there are no visuals.  And it is very awkward to ask questions or to engage because some teachers could get really annoyed because we disrupt her pace. It is not a mode of teaching problem per se but it just has to do with the culture of learning here. With recorded videos, I can watch the lectures in 2x speed.
Suits my subjects best (languages and humanities)
Because I am able to check it over and over when I miss a detail in the lecture
At school
It's easier to stay on track when you have to attend a live class vs watching a prerecorded one and there are more opportunities for interacting. 
I can do work when I like without pressure
Interactive 
It can be done in your own time, and can be paused/sped up/slowed down if needed.
In comparisons live classes are tiring and it can take a long time to get point across if it requires participation (be it because of lag, or because people dont want to participate) personally, I've found it a lot harder to actually participate because it feels like you're not really talking to anyone, but everyone can hear you.
because you can still have traditional lectures and seminars 
It’s quite the same thing as at Uni.
Because I can keep watching over it if I’m cinfused
It's the easiest way to get information and is usually the most straightforward form pf the information provided.
Ability to ask questions in real time and get feedback.
Easier to learn from, more practical. 
As it is the most personal one, although it obviously does not compare to in person 
Gives me more flexibility as an essential worker to do my uni work and not feel like I’m missing out because I’m having to work more 
More interactive and can engage and ask questions you want
It is easier to understand content with explanation rather than uploaded materials.
Easier to use from
It’s easier to take my time to follow along
Reading assignments rather than listening / watching helps me to better understand 
It's convenient 
I find it hard to stay on a schedule when I have recorded lectures and don’t have any mandatory live sessions
I get to work through the set tasks in my own time
Students can work at own pace 
more interaction allows for increased attention 
Proper one to one teaching
More engagement 
It helps me more to study 
Flexibility 
Things can be easily explained that way.
Can go at my own pace
I feel as though the way in which I learn best is not through a teacher actually teaching the material, but through my classmates and I using our collaboration skills to solve the problems ourselves. I then know that I will not be singled out, and I also know that my classmates are kinda struggling as well, and therefore, the 'classroom setting' pressure is weakened.
You can work in your own time as is convenient 
gives the opportunity to participate in discussions but with time to think and put your thoughts in order
Using multiple sources 
Most interactive, similar to classical classroom learning 
Doubts get solved quicker, one on one mails with the professor is more beneficial than sitting for an entire lecture where there is no realtion to someone else's doubts and yours.sometimes zoom can be a bit frustrating especially when you suddenly have bad net issues and can't attend a lecture. Mails are way more dependable in such situations
I can pause the video when needed 
I like the sense of having class with fellow students and being able to chat with them (in the zoom chat feature) or ask the professor questions in real time
closest thing to a real lecture 
it feels a bit more easier since a teacher is present and there’s a sense of normalcy since ur friends are present in the live class.
I can watch the recorded lectures or videos at my preferred speed based on my level of understanding.
Asynchronicity allows me to work, lost my job due to the pandemic so now working all possible hours
Much more interactive and engaging 
I am able to complete the course work at any given time instead of during a certain hour period while the online class is taking place. 
I can go back and watch them any time
It’s easier for time management and there are less issues such as bad connection when you’re about to start your class 
you can ask questions and build off of other students
I actually enjoy both zoom lessons and recorded lectures. The recorded lectures are great if they’re broken down into small videos rather than one large video. I can then revisit this material if need be.
I can refer back to the video and will not miss anything else 
I can go at my own pace but it also gives me a sense that I’m learning from an actual human (as opposed to uploaded materials)
Because I get to retain information at my own pace
Can do own study, more independent 
More interactive 
It actually depends on the professor, but in my experience we usually waste too much time with live classes trying to set everything up.
Because it feels like I’m still in routine 
More interaction with the teacher and my peers
It's easiest to ask questions and engage with other students in an active discussion.
Because teachers can actually explain the materials to me and i can more easily understand the subject
Opportunity to have a more natural interaction and ask questions as they form.
Because you can watch it when it’s more convenient for you. Sometimes during live lectures you can have emergencies or technical problems which can cause you not to be able to attend.
I am able to ask questions and get an immediate response 
Because I can watch these in my own time and I imagine that there would be less distractions or technical difficulties than in a live call, but more detailed information on the topics than in discussion chat or on uploaded materials.
Because i can come back to the course whenever i need to unlike live session that are some times too early or last for a very long time
It's the closest to the classroom like actual lectures. 
When I am at home, I am unable to adhere to a traditional schedule in the same way as it depends on my family’s plans as well. I think live classes are important, but should be used as a supplement rather than primary means. 
Because we can email the teachers if we need help 
Because I can learn things at my own time and at my own pace
I am primarily a visual learning (so I don't mind reading) however paired with the lecture/audio of the instructor I find the course to be so much easier to make an A in. Especially in an online format, it helps me understand how the teacher words/wants things done (versus just intepreting the info on my own and having some conflicts. I also like having recorded versus live so that I can listen again/on my own time. 
Ability to ask questions and interact with other students
There is no pressure to join a zoom call at a certain time (ideal during lockdown as allows for a more flexible schedule which has helped me to cope), but I like seeing and hearing my lecturer’s voices as it helps me learn better than just a discussion forum.
Engagement and students are able to post questions on the spot
Can watch/rewatch at my own pace. 
It makes one to one interaction possible
Zoom anxiety
You can actually engage with the teacher and discuss the material in real time, which I find more useful in my own learning,specially if I have several questions, or if the answers to the questions I had in the first place lead to even more questions (idk really, I guess it's the closest thing to a real life face-to-face discussion that we can have at the moment). 
It is a live discussion with teachers and other students
Because if I have questions or am confused about something, I can easily ask my instructor at the end of the session instead of having to wait and reach out individually to my instructors.
Similar to normal teaching without the pressure of zoom.
Live interactions
Face to face
Can go at your own pace
Lesser interruptions, can be used time & time again 
Personal. I can ask questions then and there and get an instant response. It's the most similar to a normal lesson.
I find I'm more engaged and it's nice to be able to ask questions and get responses. The visual also really helps, it's just nice to see everyone again
I like to work through materials at my own pace. With ADHD it is hard to focus on a laptop screen for an hour especially watching live lectures 
interaction
Interaction helps me learn
Recorded or live classes
Students can easily pause or replay the videos to better understand the contents.
Can get another perspective on the material instead of just reading the basics in a book or in a slideshow. Getting to hear the teacher also helps feel more engaged and like school still matters.
I get anxious if I have to interact live with others on zoom, or in a discussion. Plus it is convenient since I work during the day, and can access it whenever. 
It allows for better and easier interaction with both my teachers and my classmates
it is nice to see my teacher on live and have conversations directly!
Interaction , get to see and speak to class members 
I get to see and hear my classmates and teacher.
With the few online classes I have I have attended almost every lecture. And although the idea of recorded sounds so much more appealing to me, the reality is I just never watch them and therefore my marks have been badly affected in those courses. 
I don’t like live classes very much, because I have to be somewhat put together and have to sit through long lectures or instructions. I prefer uploaded materials because I can complete them at my own pace whenever I decide to.
It allows for more communication with teachers as in normal classes
Can go back to it and revise 
Because learning needs to be collaborative inorder to be affective, and that isn't achieved without regular interaction and exchange though a call
More engaging 
As much interaction as possible when isolated 
I like social interaction and I don’t learn from lectures
I feel I am in class with my teacher and friends
better communication , able to ask questions
I can watch the content in my own time - lots of flexibility 
Because i can always refer back to it 
Having live classes atleast gives me some semblance of being in a class, and while I don't mind recorded lectures too, live lets us ask doubts right when we get them, and even if they're at weird hours of the day, makes me feel more like I'm at college than recorded. 
I can actually talk to my teachers and I feel like I’m actually in a classroom and not at home.
The teachers can answer our questions immedately and everything have better explanations, but i have a lot classmates with internet issues so it doesn't work well for them.
I find that I am more engaged in live classes compared to pre-recorded lectures. I like that I have the freedom of asking questions in live classes, and enjoy engaging with other people in my degree "face to face".
I feel like I get the actual “teaching” from the lecturer without having to teach myself, but I’m not tied down by watching it at a certain time or wasting time going over a lot of questions from other students. 
i am able to replay parts which u do not understand

The engagement with the class is similar to what I had presencially.
More indulging in the lesson since if it was a recorded lesson I wouldn't probably watch it 
 have more interaction with professors
I’m easily able to communicate with my teacher in real time 
You can get with your independent  work and still check in ( calls to discuss are the best)
I can interact with my teachers
More effective
Because you can ask questions, add information to the class, discuss the topic with the professor and classmates
I find it helpful being able to interact with teachers and live classes enable for class discussion so further assists in mirroring how learning would take place when physically at school. I like how this allows teachers to explain content in a similar way that they would at school. 
Can interact with others and the lecturer if needed. Actually feels like a lecture unlike pre recorded ones.
Allows you to have your own pace at learning the module
It feels more collaborative to have Zoom lectures.
I can watch in my own time.  Always forget about zoom meetings 
easy 
It allows for greater interaction with teachers and classmates
It gives me the chance to plan my own study time. 
Live classes still provides in a way face to face interaction where we can still ask teachers questions live rather than later
i'm able to learn at my own pace
Zoom classes are stressful and I always forget that they’re happening until it’s too late
it allows us to engage with the teacher and students more, as if you're having an actual lesson rather than doing classwork by yourself with no guidance.
Because I can make questions and they'll be answered instantly, and I feel that this way makes more dynamic the learning
it’s easier to study while watching or listening to the recorded videos 
Because it fells the most like learning at the classroom. 
Easier to ask questions, understand content due to intonation, sometimes we get to actually do a task on the spot which is nice
It makes interactions between the professors and students possible, it almost feels like you're in a class.
It is very simple to understand and I just have to focus on what is uploaded instead of getting wrapped up on when meetings are on zoom and tech issues.
I can see it in my own time
Because it gives a sense of routine for the day and being at home is quite difficult to keep and routine and be in the study/uni mindset so having live classes is a bit like attending a lecture although it is not the ideal it's still gives a uni feel even at home 
I think that with many subject is very hard to just have a pre recorded video. With a live class there is an interaction that happens as it normally would have and you can have a real time q&a that can happen with minimal misunderstandings and if there are misunderstandings they can rectified without a dragged on, potentially multi-day, email chain
Gives you your own time, and is more interactive 
it’s easier to pay attention 
Forces me to actually listen 
Allows more interaction with the professor that is closest to in-person interaction, which is the most useful in my opinion. 
It’s the closest to what it’s like actually attending tutorials in uni.
Enables to work alone first and then ask questions and discuss what you’re not sure about 
I can work at my own pace without being put on the spot live
My teachers rarely do live classes as it would be unfair to kids who can’t attend because they have work or other obligations. However I really liked the few Google Meet classes I attended; I find that I learn better by hearing teachers explain the information live, because they can then gauge the classes’ reaction and adjust their explanation as needed. The disconnection between information-holder and information-receiver is too great without live classes.
i think that because there could be a technological gap between students and teachers, there’s a lot of time lost in live classes just settling down.
Keeps me accountable and is more interactive and engaging
Interaction/easy to get feedback
I think it gives a certain time flexibility to the course, for me personally in lockdown my sleep schedule has been all over the place and in general I’d be shocked if I was awake at 10am for an online class so being able to just work through a set amount of assignments at my own pace is a lot nicer
can do in my own time and email for help if needed
I am allowed to work on my own schedule to work on assignments. 
Independent 
Working at your own pace is better
Easier to work time around 
Allows most interaction between the teacher  and the student(s).
because it’s better to understand the topic when the professor is using his own words, instead of just texts
Greater engagement 
I can always look back at it to revise 
I enjoy uploads as they are more relaxed as to how much work they give us, which lets us breathe. Especially with so many core subjects now.
It's very practical, you can take notes at your own paste and you can rewatch parts that you didn't quiet understand. It gives the opportunity to really take your time when studying without feeling constantly in a rush
I like the attempt to replicate in person. 
Allows active participation 
Prerecorded videos make it easy to pause while I work or take notes and takes away the stress of being on a zoom call while providing more information then uploaded materials do. 
It is interactive and enables a bit more of a q and a style. You are also able to talk to other students and see them vs recorded lectures which I also harder to be motivated to watch
Because it is what I consider to be the most similar to a in-person class, which is what works best for me as I can consult the teacher as I go and it allows spontaneous debate situations to arise.
Live classes allow for much more connection between people, and it's the people who make university what it is.
Own time own target
mimics in real life lesson
It is the closest to the direct classroom experience and it's easier for the instructor not to forget they are talking to a specific group of students and not some "abstract" audience.
I have had to return to my home country and the time zone is 6 hours off
Because it allows me to see the lecturers face to face as I would be seeing them in real life. Having a face talking is much more engaging than having a recorded voice. 
It also allows me to be less distracted because I have a lecturer talking and I am not just listening to some recording.
It resembles our regular classes the most
So that I can review it any time I want! 
Because its convenient 
I can ask questions in the moment and I understand better if I see the screen of my professor (I'm a computer science student). Discussions or emails just wouldn't do it for me. 
Because its convenient 
Because its convenient 
Live nature of it most resembles the normal version 
I’ve found that with online classes there is a lack of participation because not everyone feels comfortable to voice their opinion, keeping their camera and noise off. With recorded lectures I feel I’m getting the most out of learning, because online classes lack communication. 
it’s not painfully awkward to sit in an online class and you can manage your priorities myself
You can ask questions in the chat and get a response straight away
Available at any time
I'm able to complete all the tasks at my own pace, not miss any important information.
Can do the work at my own pace, easier to focus
You can ask questions and get answers straight away 
Class discussion and you’re able to understand it more 
Discussions are more interactive and feels like an actual class, it also depends on the subject however 
Helps me ask questions etc and learn better
Mostly dissertation work.
Easy for understanding and interacting 
More personal and most similar to the real thing
Live
I can watch the same lecture at my own pace.
It helps me stay focused because I know the teacher is watching me. I can also ask questions on the spot if I have any.
It is more close to in class learning 
Because it is still interactive and mimics the feeling of being in a class. It allows for live questions and more!
Connectivity issues is a serious problem here
I’m currently doing a Massive Open Online Course (MOOC) and here I’m accessing lecture videos through Youtube. I find this to be so much more of an effective learning method and more enjoyable than in zoom. 
I prefer recorded lectures as it is similar to a live Zoom call, however I am able to learn at my own pace.
Because I feel pressured to actually do work
Because I am able to ask questions on the spot when I do not understand the topic being taught and it is also the method that is nearest to a classroom setting
It's more engaging. I find it hard to have motivation for a particular subject, and seeing people face to face, like peers and teachers, reminds me who I'm doing it for.
Live classes are the most replicable to face to face classes which is my preferred it allows discussion
Lots of interaction, we can ask lecturers direct questions 
Love tutorials provide the opportunity for interaction and engagement which isn’t gained through recorded material. It allows not only for my understanding of content and concepts to be developed and enhanced through organic conversation/activities, but also aids in the actual application of content across more diverse contexts. In contrast, I find it harder to engage and learn in the units of mine which solely provide recorded tutes/lectures and texts.
Live interactive classes. 
It enables discussion with the teacher and the class; it feels more like an actual class 
I like the personal input and being able to interact with the lecturer and materials in some active way. 
more space for interaction
Easier to understand bigger, more complex theories
Google meets or zoom
Because it's hard for me to concentrate on a live metting since my parents and my younger siblings are home and they keep distracting me (unintentionally) ,plus the whole concept of live metting in my room with my pjs and my phone (and other distractions)makes it even harder...
More interactive learning for seminars 
I get to do the work at my own pace, instead of having to attend the Zoom lectures at a certain time but i also do prefer uploaded assignments 
During live classes there may be many technical glitches which may be avoided through the recorded clip of the lecture
Easiest method and don’t have to join live classes
The teachers can explain things if students need to. 
I feel more connected to the people and can ask my professor a question right away rather than emailing them at 3am when I'm doing my hw.
Can watch them whenever I want and can speed up the video
Our teachers have been really great at setting up shared docs and stuff so we can still engage with one another and I think that’s really helpful for our learning but also I think it helps a lot of students, including me, with mental health and keeps us from burning out while doing school
With recorded lectures I’m unable to ask any queries that may come up during the session and this can be done with live sessions. And the recorded lectures are usually from previous years
Because in live classes I'm able to understand quickly and ask whatever a don't understand in that moment, so doubts are solved much more quickly
interactive
This is my preferred mode because this has been the one of the only modes introduced to me for online courses. My school also used Zoom and google meet in the beginning but I find these very uncomfortable and tough to use because of my home situation. 
The ability to have real time, face to face interaction with teachers and classmates.
More interactive
it's more comfortable and I can ask the teachers the questions on chat 
An active learning environment. I get to connect and talk to people. Ask questions. 
More interaction  and active collaboration. I did I can remember things better 
My schedule would be more flexible as I can decide when to watch the recorded lesson
Allows for live engagement in the subject. I personally learn best from seeing, listening and doing 
While recorded lectures are more comfortable to watch, it's easier to communicate trough live classes - you can participate, ask questions etc. Also, you have a sense of routine (you have a lecture at a specific time).
Because it makes me accountable to comment and engage with the content 
I tend to get easily distracted and one way learning without me being to able to express my doubts and opinions would lead to me not understanding the topic. So I prefer having open discussion even with a big class
I can go at my own pace
It allowes to work when you want, you do not depend on your teacher's schedule. It takes less time because online lessons usually take more time than actual lessons at school
It is the most interactive and real time. You can read people’s body language better and ask questions.
Can ask question
i get to pause or rewatch as many times as needed to make notes and understand what is being instructed
This is my preferred mode because I get to interact with the teachers and classmates more. I can also ask any questions immediately if I have any
it’s interactive 
You can easily ask questions, it feels a lot more like "socializing" then the other options
Because you can go back to the lectures whenever you need to
No restriction of place 
So I can pause the video whenever or rewind if I get lost. 
Not everyone in class has similar understanding speed, so teacher can explain once in video. We can watch how many ever times we want. 
I can watch them on my own time and rewind if I miss something. 
So flexible to my timetable
You can take your own time to study
Allows me to ask questions
As I can return to the video later if I don't understand a certain topic

talking helps with understanding 
I can do my class at whatever time I want and I can break it up into more manageable chunks as our summer courses are accelerated so a class is 3.5 hours. Breaking it up is way easier than sitting in live class for 3.5 straight hours twice a week for each class
I can do the work at my own pace
Mimics a normal class back in school.
most interactive 
It provides a better medium to ask questions as and when they arise and get instant feedback.
Because no one can disturb the lesson.
Can be done in our own time 
 More like normal 
Because I can interact with the class and I feel more like I’m at uni when I can see other students in the boxes. 
More interaction within my courses makes me much more motivated to complete the work! 
I can watch the lectures whenever I want to. Also, I can make better notes...
Engagement 
Actually, I felt absolutely comfortable with both the recorded and uploaded materials! U can always go back and refer unlike the zoom lectures that I do not prefer at all.
I understand better when watching something instead of reading content
Each person has a different pace. So having a video allows you to pause it and actually understand and rewatch if needed.
I’m able to have class discussions
Because this way I can watch the lectures when I'm free, and rewind it if I don't understand something, also it's easier to take notes.
More personal interaction 
I can do it whenever i have time and want. I can also pause and re-play as many things as i like and make notes. However it does mean i can delay lectures until last minute too.... 
Zoom meetings are less productive than uploaded material normally.
The professor is able to provide us with the same information he would if we were in class so we aren't missing any key details. 
Recorded lectures are more flexible, enabling me to watch those lectures anytime I want to. 
Allows me to watch the lectures in 2x speed and at my own time.
I like interactivity than passivity. I like getting to participate in discussion
It feels like you're in person so it's easier to ask questions and you feel like you have to go to class at a certain time.
Can complete in my own time
I can go at my own pace and the material is there and accessible whenever I choose to do school work :) 
Allows quick interaction if i have any questions 
Not depends on fixed time
Able to complete at own pace/dont have to stick to a lecture/zoom call schedule
Because we then could ask your teacher questions (math) during the lesson 
Because in online teaching if you have doubts you can clear there only immediately 
Easily accessible at all times of day.
Planning my time effectively the day before / Independence compared to a Teams call
Interaction is a very important thing, learning is incomplete without it.
Similar to normal classes, best way to interact which each other
I like learning by discusson
Less stressful 
Less distractions and connectivity issues arent a problem
It's easier to go back and review something a teacher has said.
It helps me to keep a consistent schedule and allows for an opportunity to interact and ask questions of the professor and other students in real time 
It is more interactive
It's more engaging and more social
I prefer this method because it allows you to stop and/or listen again whenever you lost or didn’t understand some parts of the explanation. But I think it should always be connected with live classes to ask questions or discuss with others about the topic. 
Because it requires participation and learning on a schedule. It's hard to keep motivated and not procrastinate when you aren't seeing your professor or classmates face to face. 
It's too easy to zone out in online classes so it's easier to just teach myself.
everything makes a lot more sense when someone is actually saying it and going through the work but i really hate calls
Allows for interaction and asking questions, as well as providing structure by having a set schedule. 
can get it done all in one go
as we can actively ask questions and clear our doubts. It’s also more interactive and I feel more obligated to attend/ do the work than when there are just materials provided.
Able to get instant replies to questions and have discussions 
Quick communication, also still can hear someone’s tone, read body language 
Because with recorded videos you can go back to it whenever you want to. Also I would rather have the option for it to be a live class and record it while it’s being taken and then post it so students would go back to it, so both actually and I think it’s doable.
I can ask questions and participate.
Better routine and exact schedule
I can speed up the video.
Because it makes it easier and we cant get distracted. 
You get to plan your own schedule this way
It motivates you to actually pay attention because if you don’t you can’t see it again because it’s live
As we have covered everything that should have been taught for the final exams, the only thing needed now is revision. So, live classes now have little use, whereas solving past papers and revision exercises and sending them via email is more helpful.
Closest thing to actual real life class.
I can decide when to watch the lectures and I‘m good at actually getting up and doing that without too much procrastination. It makes me a lot more flexible and I can make sure I‘m actually able to focus when I do sit down for the lecture. Also doesn‘t make me as anxious as attending live classes. 
Because alot of course conveners had to transition quickly to online learning, the zoom discussions are clunky and technology hasn't been working that well. I can complete online recorded lectures at my own pace, stopping to take notes and rewind. There's less pressure to understand something straight away you can digest the information before moving on. 
I believe speaking in front of 50+ people is a barrier to participation, even online. Discussion boards imo allow for more nuanced and constructive discussion (and by extension, learning) as people have the opportunity to reflect and retype before they press submit.
I can learn at my own pace 
Because we can feedback and ask questions immediately
Interaction with teachers and other students are necessary to develop one's understanding of a topic. 
We get to have a real-time response and way more feedback is case there's information lost within the communication!
Easy to follow, most like the normal classes in school
Mixture of live and recorded classes 
More face to face interaction

easier to go at my own pace
Because I like to work alone and most of the time the teacher only confuse me.
Connectivity, conversation, engaged learning 
It's better than recorded lectures whereby I am able to actively learn and ask if I am lost or am not able to understand something. But in reality, I don't really ask questions and so I just usually just listen to others who have questions while also hoping others have similar questions as mine. Ultimately though, I'm not a big fan of online school. 
Because I can move in the pace that I want to. With recorded lectures or videos, I can pause, rewind and take my time with sections I have trouble understanding. 
In live sessions there are often many communication issues, and I tend to get lost in lectures very easily, and the professors don't have time to explain again, or don't even bother checking if we have understood.
Interactive learning 
The classes when conducted live are usually always in a fixed time, slow-paced and requires engagement of every student in the call. If the classes are conducted via recorded lectures, I would be able to study at my adequate time, without any disturbances such as call lagging and slow pace. I would also be able to go back and rewatch the lecture if necessary which is not possible when the classes are live.
Don’t feel comfortable on video calls 
I would actually prefer a combination of Live Classes and uploaded/emailed materials because I feel like I get the most out of live classes when we engage in questions together and uploaded materials would be useful to refer and do self-revision on
It’s the most similar one to real classes, we get to ask questions and take notes simultaneously, get to see everyone and have discussions 
gives me more freedom to allocate my time to areas which i need more attention in
Actually getting to see other people
You can watch it any time
You can pause it at anytime to take notes
Forces me to actually do the work
Actually my classes are live but it's recorded so we can watch the lectures again and it's great because I can rewatch the part that I don't understand.
I felt that I learnt the most that way and it kept it more interactive and interesting. 
You don’t get sloppy, you actually do the work. Cuz you have someone watching you all the time.
The teacher is able to go through slides, explain content and ask us questions as he/she would in a normal classroom environment
I can take notes easier and break down what the teacher is saying for myself 
Because it is more engaging than just doing the material on your own without discussing it later 
Because live classes force me to stay on top of my work and keeps me motivated while also giving me a routine and a Schedule we have to follow.
Most flexible can use the resources how ever I want. Self directed. 
I think too quickly  for them to speak soooo slooow so I like to speed up the lecturer and only stop them when i need to. If i then have any questions or want to start A discussion, i can beacause we have special classes (about half an hour long) to do so after completing a lecture. For me, this is the case with only one class but I wish we had more classes like this. 
So I can take my time and organize my work
I can directly engage with the class in real time 
-
I can go on my own pace 
All our courses are 2/3 Zoom lectures and 1/3 recorded lectures. I prefer recorded lectures because I have the ability to pause at any given time. Work out any questions and research aittle bit on the discussed topic. It gives me the opportunity to really understand the material at the day of the lecture, which is during my normal uni routine just not the case.
Until it was exam season everything was great. We had lovely and understandable online classes so that was actually pretty ok. It really felt like a normal class we could even take notes and in some classes we had a good relationship with the teachers.
There is more interaction between students and the teacher and we can ask questions as the lecture goes along
Because I can stop at anytime I want in order to listen to it again and take notes. Some subjects are really complex and I remember not being able to follow if we had lectures live.
I’m a visual learner and I can do the work at my own pace / fit it in my time schedule 
I would be able to grasp the i formation more as I could help relate it to something
Because you’re able to ask questions 
I Still get the feeling of being taught something worthy of the cost without the interruptions of technical difficulties/other people.
It's more intensive doing the materials alone, and by far not so time consuming and if you have questions you can still always ask books, parents or teachers.
Easier to interact and ask questions and also I can see people from my classes !! 
Because you can pause the video to think more about the subject if you don't understand it and skip the parts that may seem boring. 
Somewhat gives a sense of normality no guess, knowing that everyone is listening to the lecture at the same time as usually nwjen lectures were in lecture hslls
So I can view it at my own time 
I feel as though it is as similar as you can get to in class learning, while I have a similar experience in a zoom call the main difference I find is that not a lot of people are truly there to learn when we’re on zoom.
It’s a live situation where you can ask questions and interact with the professor and other students. 
Allows me to study at my own pace and in my own way.
Video calls always go on eay linger than they need to, discussion forums are a less efficient way of learning information, and I prefer learning from texts to learning from audio or videos.
I found learning in some form of face to face contact/live conversations/building off each other’s ideas more engaging 
We can interact more with the teacher and if we have doubts we can simply talk right at the moment and got our answers as well. It made me feel like staying in a classroom as well
Easier to rewind and catch certain things the teacher may have said that i didn’t catch before
I can interact with it at my own pace so it makes it easier to integrate studying into my dail life, it doesn't drain my energy as much as zoom classes do but it still feels more personal than just being provided with materials and having no human connection.
the interaction and engagement with profs and other students makes a huge difference 
I am tired of watching a screen and I am starting to have headaches 
Interaction with the teacher and classmates
It’s more interactive 
It's the only one we tried
I get to see people from my class rather than just messaging them.
I get all the necessary information delivered to me in one format and I can pause and go back if I missed something.
You can pause the video if they are talking to fast. We also have a discussion forum if we have questions
Live classes are the most similar to in person classes and requires participation and engagement, making it more beneficial.
Because I can avail recorded lectures anytime I want
I like the interrsction
It ensures that there are no glitches due to internet issues, can be used whenever the student wants and it allows me to rewind if I missed something or zoned out (which happens a lot due to being in a home environment)
Because it gives me the opportunity to work by my own schedule and to rewatch things I didn't understand. 
it keeps me up with the routine of studying 
Although online classes force you to attend the class and you cannot postponed and procrastinate on them like you would if it was a recorded video, recorded videos help you come back to them whenever you need help, you can rewatch them as many times as you want and repeat the parts you don’t understand, you can also come back to them if you forgot a class you took a long time ago.
I actually learn the content and my tutors are amazing (I love listening to their stories)
Interactive 
I like interacting with other people
because it imitates the feeling of being in class
It's essentially like going to a live lecture, so it still enables us as students to ask questions as they come up. It think it is the most engaging form of online learning that they could provide us with.
Discussion are more focused on understanding and applying what we have learned. It helps put what you are expected to know in perspective and promotes critical thinking and analysis.
Zoom
Because you can ask directly Questions if you don’t understand something. Also, it keeps you accountable 
It would give me a lesson like experience but with no one to talk me through the material right now I am struggling so would prefer live classes
This way we could have more interaction with the professor and other students. I miss  discussing different topics.
It's the closest to traditional lectures, which are interactive, something that's always nice! 
Work can be done in my own time and at my own pace
The uploaded Materials are actually quite structured and we always have a number of questions we are supposed to be able to answer after we worked with the material. Often a video is included as well and we have weekly test (ungraded) to check our knowledge. 
It provides the most effective contact as I can as questions and present my work for feedback with a quick response time (studying architecture) 
I’m studing dance, there is no good option, but at live meetings teacher can give us some kind of correction, also we have to record a lot of our homeworks and in the live classes we get feedback
I learn better by myself, reading it up and teaching it myself. Never used to go to lectures anyway :)
Videos can be super informative and can be watched whenever.
This is the only thing my school is using so I don’t know if other methods would be more helpful.
Most similar to a normal class structure
I can utilise the material at my own pace, and take breaks whenever I need to. Easier to take noted as well.
Interactive 
I can teach myself in my own time. It’s like buying a course and managing my work on my own 
Everybody can work in their own way, but we can ask every question through our school email portal 
You can interact with your teacher instantly 
Then you can ask questions etc.
I can choose when I watch it, I can plan
I would rather have the live aspect of talking to a teacher and seeing people in person as much as possible. When it's all prerecorded you cant do that.
Any questions about the session can be answered immediately
For me, it most resembles my experience in an actual classroom. 
It allows me to understand better and go back to what the professor said unlike in online classes
It helps me understand faster and I can ask questions on the spot.
You can work at your own pace and you don’t have to worry about people seeing you on zoom
It allows for interaction, discussion and face to face communication, which feels more beneficial to me.
I can do it at my own time and pause whenever i need to 
I can do it in my own time and feel more organized than scheduled zoom meeting with uncertained time 
Although the live classes are anxiety inducing and it doesn’t matter how many I do I’m still afraid of clicking onto them. They are far more engaging than a simple email and help me get engaged with my learning and work better than if I was thrown into the deep end all alone.
you can ask questions easily and keep in touch with the teachers (this does not work with for instance emailed materials)
It is much easier and clearer to understand when a teacher verbally walks you through a topic
It is more interactive
As it forces me to remain concentrated while i would procrastinate studying when using other modes 
Because it motivates me more
It is more interactive so I am more engaged and concentrated. Pre recorded lectures are less engaging and don’t help to teach me concepts. 
It is easier for me to clarify any doubts that I have on the spot without having to contact my teacher separately outside of class timings
Because I work more efficiently that way and i’m allowed to work at my own pace.
I can work through the material in my own time
I am able to actively engage with the content. 
I feel like I can pause the video and repeat it as much as I want to understand a certain point
Easier
It’s makes me feel more “in class” and focused as it’s happening live, I get the opportunity to interact with my classmates, ask questions, etc. It just feels like the closest to a normal class at uni 
Because I can choose when I want to do it. So I am more flexible to plan my day. I can also rewatch parts that I don’t understand. 
interactive 
Because of the opportunity for actual live interaction 
There’s a real time interactive element with tutors, especially with a face-to-face option.
I can skip or fast forward through parts that are too slow and I can pause the recording if I feel like I didn't fully understand something to try to understand it better.
I can also start and stop the class whenever I like.
I am able to ask questions to my teacher directly when i have queries.
Can ask questions live and see humans which is kinda nice too
It gives me the time I need and I can always watch it back multiple times. Live classes are helpful to keep a schedule, but they also depend highly on time and technical stuff like wifi connection, which is not the best
I can ask questions right away
Because I study theatre and the only proper way to have online courses is live classes.
The range of my courses is really wide, so for sciences like Mathematics and Physics I actually prefer Recorded lectures, but for courses like English or Art history I actually prefer Live classes. 
Well, my faculty functions differently from other faculties. However, with this option we can access the video anytime and always re-watch it if we’ve missed anything important/misunderstand something. It gives us the option to go back an understand it again, if we want to.
Because of the ability to engage with the material. It's less of a haasle to ask questions and having the teacher explain things "live" makes it easier  to grasp. It also easier to focus, and it's nice 'seeing" my teachers
I can watch the lecture again if I really need to. I can also do it at my own time and schedule it in between all my assignments. 
It gives you a chance to ask about anything you don’t understand, video chat often has many people talking at the same time
It was simply easier to work at my own pace with uploaded materials.
Regular seminars
There is more interaction and it is possible to ask questions/participate
The most interactive out of those choices, closest to the system we had before
I can accelerate or pass the part that I'm not interested in or go back if I need to listen again to someting more complicated. 
You can get a better and immediate feedback on your understanding of assigned texts. Also the conversation is more fluent and in general more interesting. 
More engagement required 
It is interactive in nature.
I can pause and rewatch 
Zoom
Easier to speed up and listen to
more confident x
The ability to gain a better understanding of confusing topics.
Closest thing to a real lecture, you can ask questions and here answers to other people’s questions. This is not the case when we independently go through the material and email in questions. It is also easier to get distracted and not stay on track without live events
It’s not a waste of time. A lot of my live classes were useless.
I actually have time structured into my day in a mandatory manner
Ability to ask questions as the content is explained means I can have a deeper understanding of the topic
It feels like an actual lesson at school + u can talk to the professor directly and ask questions
Helps the student interact with other students and instructors on a real time basis and verbal discussions tend to be of higher quality.
Because it allow me to follow the course whenever I want and because I prefer listening to teachers instead of reading a entire course by myself for the first time. (I also like ondine live classes a lot)
Its with more varied and less boring
I don't have to keep up with my teacher and classmates in live classes. I can read them whenever I want.
Being Held accountable, intetaction
It‘s helpful to get advice directly from the lecturer and it‘s just nice to be able to see everyone. And I like that the lecturer has got the opportunity to be more spontaneous about how he’s organizing the way we learn about certain topics concerning how the group is interested in / how well the group has understood the topic. 
Mire flexibility 
I learn better from listening to somebody teach in person rather than work set online 
I rarely discuss assingments with my teachers
We can ask questions and gain a better understanding about the topics that are being discussed 
I can organize my work when I want
Actually attending lectures and tutorials in real life
Able to study any time of the day 
It is my preferred mode because most of our instructors don't use live classes and if they do use them it is mostly not helpful because we are just going over materials that we have been send. With send materials I can work by my own pace and if I am interested in something I can research it (in normal classes we don't have time for that). 
I think this is more interactive and doubts  can be clarified on the spot
I prefer the combination of recorded lectures and discussions forums because the first make understand the task and the second make you soak into the task and tackle your creativity and  your ideas about it .
Able to go through everything at my own speeds plus I’m taking a BTEC course so I’m assessed through course work / presentations so it’s easier to refer back to than a zoom class.
Ability to pause (to take a break/ research/ etc), flexibility to study whenever.
Feels more present and like I’m there 
It is asynchron and gives me a lot of flexibility, plus I hear what the professor has to say about the subject. 
Difficult things in lecture notes usually explained
I can pause the lecture any time, I can listen to it twice
It is similar to being in school.
I can go through material at my own pace which increases my understanding of the topics a lot more.
Because it would allow me to have more flexibility regarding time management and I would be able to stop and replay it whenever I need to.
You can directly ask questions.
Free time managment 
Teachers explain the work
As the teacher can clarify on things we did not really understand
Useful to go through at your own pace 
Get a chance to engage and allows for pre-reading to be completed along the way as well. Also a good social aspect which encourages thinking and allows students to engage more with topics at hand. 
You can rewatch them at any time.
I can watch them at my own pace.
It keeps me accountable for my progress and work when I feel like procrastinating because I’d get into trouble with my teachers otherwise 
more engaging and I’m more motivated to do the work 
I think having contact with my peers and lecturers is sooo important to learning. It’s more engaging and motivating than just watching a pre-recorded video.
I think that conducting self research and analyzing it is more effective than listening to someone (even a teacher) under the curent circumstances. 
You can plan by yourself what to do when and you can adapt the speed the way you want it.
Because it forces me to take notes and stay focused. When classes are live and if I have any connection problem, it is very hard to stay focused as I cannot here the teacher properly. 
I like that I can watch the lectures in my own time.
Because I like the flexibility of watching recorded lectures and the rest I could do on my own
I’m happy to see everyone, it’s almost like in school. 
Interactive and (although not entirely) social 
You get the most feedback and support 
I feel like a get the most from it.
Because it allows us to have the interaction with the teacher, it is easier to ask questions and we are more focused. 
So I can interact with teachers and other students 
I am currently in a very different time zone from my university so live classes have been difficult to keep up with, while recorded lectures I can watch at any time
Can do in my own time, flexible
we can pause the video if we do not understand a concept and can replay it if we need to 
The only way we can communicate with professors, ask them and answer they questions. 
It is much easier to ask question 
Helpful to be able to talk to teachers in person
It is easier to understand and learn
More interaction, availability to ask questions on the spot
Greater sense of normalacy
Because learning from a PowerPoint is not as beneficial or easy as being able to see how the work is completed for subject such as maths. 
Because I’m directly able to ask questions and because it feels a bit more personal.
There are more interaction
You can ask questions as you go. 
Things can be cleared up through actually attending a class as it's  harder get distracted when it's a live session. When you watch a recording, it becomes easier to focus on other things as opposed to watching the lecture which can be paused. 
Because it makes me feel like i am nit completely on my own, even though i find it really hard to focus

because when I am just watching or reading passively I feel like I just want to get the studying over with which is not a purpose of university. When I am at a live lecture I engage actively and I feel excited about learning 
I learn easier when someone explains it to me and I can hear them; whilst, I take notes when they teach or speak.
I enjoy engaging with others to learn and discuss ideas and concepts and I find it’s easier to get to a deeper level and details.
You can ask questions directly and receive immediate clarification 
Allows for a more ‘realistic’ classroom setting 
Can ask questions live
Because I can ask my teacher anything while she or he is lecturing 
I feel like everyone puts more effort into learning material when being “face to face” and I’ve always been more of interactive learner.
Similar to normal class based learning
I can make my own schedule, pause the lesson and go back to it if I want. 
It would feel more like a normal lecture and be more interactive.
I can manage my time better
Its nice to be able to pause and rewind if you need to since there are so many more distractions at home. 
Because I can attend the class whenever I want!
I can watch it when I want and not as awkward
Because it means you can do the work in your own time, lockdown means I had to change my schedule and work full time to support my family so I couldn’t make scheduled group video calls or meetings, I prefer the teaching on sites such as Future Learn where you can work through the materials at your own pace (perhaps with deadlines on what you do each week)
Most comparable to a normal school lesson. 
Asking your teachers for help is more accessible and it feel more personal.
It gives you the chance to have an open debate and you can interact with the teacher the best in my opinion 

It gives me time to work through it.
It's possible to ask questions as they come up.
I prefer this method as my lecturers put a lot of detail and key information 
Zoom gives me anxiety!
It provides the closest substitute to a classroom experience with real-time engagement. 
I am engaged. It’s fun. I’m not just sitting in a room listening for 8 hours
During live classes the lecturer still explains the materials, and im able to ask directly if i dont understand what was being explained
Easier 
You learn together with all of the Brothers and not alone
I can stop and replay it if i need time to process information.
There is some interaction with the teacher, which i find easier to follow, as well as questions from other students really help me in my learning process. 
Zoom has poor connection
More engaging
I’m mainly a visual and auditory learner therefore the zoom classes mean that, for the most part, I don’t have to teach myself the course independently.
More dinamic. Does not let them explain more that they would in a normal class
The teachers can explain the work and take feedback/answer questions instead of setting work which at the moment is copying from a textbook.
I can go through it at my own pace
It's the most engaging. Other than live classes, we only have emailed materials and most of the time it is hard to find motivation for doing it, since we don't really discuss the results. 
At least I have some interactions with my group mates and professors
Interaction
We can understand everything from peoffesor directly and can ask them anything we didnot understand.
Because i think, It is most disciplined way of online class as we cannot postpone it and end up never taking classes.
because I'll be free to schedule my time
It’s easier to ask for help when the course is live and also they are at the same time as regular classes would be so it helps with keeping some sort of routine while staying at home
face-to-face interaction
I learn best from lecture notes (I do applied maths).
I can learn and watch the lecture at my own speed 
interaction 
It's really difficult to learn a levels in science without being able to ask wuestions and have topics explained face to face
I can take my time completing assignments 
I'm able to be more productive when I can just read the assignment. The classes take a long time, looking at the information being told (I get it after 10 minutes)
Easier to understand stuff that is explained via video rather than just PowerPoint slides uploaded without them being talked through 
I don’t get distracted with the call and seeing my friends on video
I need to Hear it to understand it better 
It is more time manageable and it gives the opportunity to go back to topics in the lecture that I did not understand 
Helps me maintain a routine and it feels more like normal lectures. 
I 
Questions can be asked there and now
I can choose when to do work and I read definitely faster than a teacher can explain sth. in a video or such
It's most like a normal lesson
So that I can look back and take notes. However live is good to ask questions and such!
To be fair, it is the only method we have used (we have had a couple uploaded Powerpoint files with voiceover for the practical part of one of my courses, but that only lasted for about a month while they were figuring out how to make those lessons live as well). Our live lessons are also recorded, though, so they're available to watch if need be
It’s just the closest to an actual lecture
Because I can learn on my own
Instant feedback 
Feels more like an actual lesson.
Zoom
It makes learning active ans engaging
Because I can watch it at my own time, being able to take notes as I go and don't feel pressured to understand everything in the first explenation
Because it is the most effective one where it feels like a real lecture/seminar (though it most often doesn't)
Because a live class is the most close you can get to having a "physical class" in person. None of my teachers have ever done a live class, but from what I've heard, it is the most engaging and effective mode of online teaching.
I can watch them at any time of the day, not only at a set time for live classes and they are more enjoyable and easier to understand than plain materials sent by an e-mail.
I like when instructors trusted us and simply send their courses by email (or put them on a sharing platform). It's way less difficult and exhausting than when they organised lived classes or discussions forums  (where it's often badly organised + internet access problem for some...)
Allows me to have a lot of interaction with my teachers and also the other students in my class so we can collaborate. 
Because it allows me to dive deep into a topic and focus on the particular parts I am most interested in without somebody affecting my schedule and work environment.
It’s just easier to get done, and live classes are so glitchy and half the time i don’t even know what is going on.
The course can't be any longer than normal and it is live, so you see the professor, fellow students. It is the most active version of online teaching. 
Because you can ask questions directly 
can access at any time,  then do'nt feel bad about missing a live one 
The content can be explained thoroughly by a lecturer so that we understand it, and we can set up our own study schedules to accommodate our "home" schedules
Feels more like an actual lesson, there's no confusion regarding the task and actually get taught and stay more to schedule.
The interactive nature allows the facilitation of questioning and dialogue with other members of the class which assists active learning 
You can take it at your own pace but it is still explained 
More convinient and means I’m not waking up at 9am to see some 40 year old crusty man with obvious home issues due to the constant screaming in his house and His sons blatant disregard for his Work. It’s official, kids are dicks and chemists are betas 🥺
We have captured lectures today but I find the relationship with my lecturer here more distant. When I’m zoom  with my other course-mates and with small talk before with questions after there feels to be a convergence of the group.
because it feels more like real classes. 
In India, there are many places which do not have access to the internet (for ex - Jammu and Kashmir). Online classes which are conducted on platforms, such as Zoom, happen at a certain time. What if a student has a really poor connection to the internet while the class is being conducted? They miss out on it. This is why I prefer Discussion forums/chats over other modes because it stores information for a time when the student would be able to have access to the internet. I am anyway against online learning because it excludes many student who do not come from very privileged backgrounds. But discussion on chats can still be used to make it all a little more inclusive.
Can replay the videos/recordings when needed. No pressure to participate live on Zoom
Most like a ‘normal’ class, allows for debate/discussion, easier to ask questions etc
Live
you can see and interact with the teacher 
It is easier to manage workload and you get to work at your own pace 
I tend to go slow when getting new info so I usually pause and go back on the video. Simultaneously, I make notes for things I didn't get so I can ask the professors by e mail or chat.
You can make notes and get information in your own time, and with a teacher’s knowledge which is better than just textbook work, but you don’t have the awkwardness of a live zoom call where more time is wasted and you can’t get the notes down as easily. 
my attention will be better since i can choose the moment of studying myself
I like the interaction 
It is flexible, as it allows you to pause / rewatch etc. I think interaction with lecturers is important though so we have discussion boards that follow these up or the occasional zoom discussion to allow things to be re-explained or to ask questions I feel like this compensates for that lack of interaction from pre recorded lectures.
You can consult back to the material and it provides flexibility for studying time
Easy to pause or repeat something. Makes my schedule flexible
I have the freedom to decide when I study specific material as nothing is scheduled by my teachers so nobody is relying on my presence.
open a discussion after reading the material for the lecture makes you ask better efficient question at the lecture than when its a live lecture
Because I can schedule my day myself
Easier time wise and travel , I also love independently learning 
because it worked great for me so far 
Interactive 
The social aspect
Because you can pause at anytime if you don't understand and can go at your own pace 
Because I can interact with the professor 
Interactivity
Watching recorded lectures and then having a live discussion is much more efficient than having the full lecture live
It enables me to watch the lecture, pause it and make more detailed notes than if I was in a live lecture. 
Recorded lectures 
It allows me to absorb the info at my own pace without rushing  or needing the teacher go re-explain
Because in this way I am more flexible and able to go back to the lecture later on if need be.
I am abble to understand better the concepts than just by an email.
It’s the most understandable 
Can engage with content and ask questions 
Interactive without the pressure of being live
I can listen the lectures whenever i want. I can manage my time.
I get to work through it at my own pace 
Because you can interact with the teacher.
From a social aspect it feels more "face-to-face" and from an academic aspect it definitely helps to stay motivated and focused. 
Can schedule the workload in my own time
It is more interactive 
I can do it whenever I want
It is more like usual lessons
Easiest
You cannot back out or give up 
it is faster than recorded lessons and we can also have a proper discussion with teachers.
Becuase it's the only one we have had so far
Because I feel with a teacher and the class there, I understand things a lot quicker and I learn things that I don’t when I study by myself. It also means that I have to do the work, I’m not just having to self motivate.
It’s more interactive. You can ask questions, discuss with class members.
I am able to work independently and at my own pace, and view the work before class to prepare 
More interactive and engaging
I can stop and rewind
It at least has some form of face to face contact 
Easier to engage with teachers and other students without having to be on video or talking when my joke environment makes video lessons difficult 
Because you still get some interaction with the professor, as you would if the classes were “physical”.
You can take your time and made some research at your own pace.
It makes me feel like part of the community again.  It can be isolating just watching lectures. :(
Live classes 
Couldn't add this kind of response, but: recorded lectures and videos with the professor being available in a zoom call during the time the actual lecture would be happening. 
Why?
The video lets us students pause / repeat / play the video in different speeds, we can watch the video whenever and as often as we want, and a live zoom Q&A session about the last video with the prof/instructors during the lecture slot ives us the chance to really understand the material. 
You can rewatch the video. At my school you can often do your own homework instead of listening to the teacher. But in live online classes you are often obligated to participate. With recorded lectures you can work at your own pace. 
I prefer learning on my own and not in a class setting, which I would have had to face with things like Zoom. It also allowed me to complete tasks on my own time instead of having to conform to class times. 
everything is clarified so you don't miss understand anything
Allows us to be taught by our teachers properly while being flexible around home life as you can watch whenever.
I feel more connected and engaged to the work and it not only makes it more interesting to interact with people, but it is a good way of socialising during this current time.
It gives you the opportunity to share ideas with the group and ask tutors questions as they come up 
i like having recorded lectures in conjunction with discussion boards and chats to compare with my peers as to how i’ve perceived the content. i can therefore add in others’ ideas to my notes that i may not have initially thought about. 
You can speed up the process if the professor is talking too slow 
From my experience with other online classes Recorded Lectures is preferred bc the lectures are the closest thing to an inperson class which is where I do better in learning. 
Less pressure because you don’t have to talk directly to your lecturer in front of your class on for example Zoom
I like hearing from my teachers and being able to ask them to explain something in a different way
Because I can go at my own pace will still being taught by an accual teacher
You get to keep your day to day structure when you have to attend a lecture on time
More interactions, easier to learn and understand 
Because we can interact 
You get to interact with your mates and the teacher as if it was a normal school day, kind of 
it’s a lot more engaging
It makes my schedule really flexible and I can rewatch the material.
You can ask a question immediately when you don’t understand something and get an answer on the spot. It’s easier and Moreno dynamic.
I can watch them whenever I want and I can take breaks whenever I want.
It is easier to adjust to my schedule as opposed to online lectures meetings 
It would be nice to be taught the material instead of teaching myself.
Provided there are less than normal lessons it means I can see my teachers face to face, have class discussions and ask questions directly. But if I had as many live lessons as if I was in school I would hate it. I have one a week for each teacher (so 8 live lessons a week) and the rest is independent work which in many ways I'm quite suited to (especially I'm creative arts).
It is easier to explain your questions in a live chat than trying to type them on a chat because sometimes what you are stuck on gets misinterpreted. Having a live lesson is also a bit more like a normal lesson and it’s nice to be able to see other people who are not in your house 
It’s allows you to engage with other students and your lecturer more and gain a deeper understanding of the course material
Allows me to write up lecture notes and I learn the best, visually.
Although I get lazy and unmotivated  to watch them sometimes. I can pause the video and take notes, analyze and understand as many times as I need to. I could not do this with live Zoom meetings. I thrive with online classes. 
Because I can always come back to it.
It’s more social
Because it forces you to engage and is self contained to a specific time which helps separate school work from the rest of life.
More interactive 
Because it's somewhat engaging and makes it easier for me to maintain structure, as well as some level of face-to-face contact.
I find it is the best way for me to learn materials 
It helps with understanding and questions can be answered inmediately.
You get to learn from your own teacher rather than being set work from a website
I can work through the set material at my own pace, take detailed notes and take time to understand the content that i am learning. i can also go back over the work if i am stuck and need a deeper understanding
Because it enables you to discuss topics for a deeper understanding of the course material, and holds you accountable for doing the work uni requires you to do
Because it stimulates the same environment we are used to when we are physically in class
Because it is comfortable for me
Because we can ask questions in real time and it’s more one to one. It also makes the online learning aspect seem less stranger and more normal 
I have no motivation if it’s live. All our cameras are turned of, so no one can actually keep an eye on us.
Easier to ask questions and would give me more motivation 
You can rewatch the leucture for anything you missed and isn’t as full on as a normal class
More interaction
Because I can get the work completed at my own pace. 
Because then you feel yourself as if you all are United again and you can compete and show your knowledge and ask questions right away. 
you can ask questions during/after 
It gives us the ability to ask questions and engage more with the class. Also, having it life makes it easier to not procrastinate since there’s a set time for class. 
Because there is more interaction with the instructor and the other students and it increases your motivation to study
Allows interaction 
You can directly talk to the teacher 
I prefer live classes as students can easily communicate with teachers and easily understand concepts since teachers are devoting time to make sure students understand the topics being taught.
Feels the most like a normal lesson 
i prefer live classes because they resemble the normal classes (that we had before lockdown) the most.
Interactive and much quicker- it is happening ‘real time’
I can do things at my own pace.
Because I can always ask some questions on a material
I have found it useful for teacher interaction. Although we do have some online classes, there aren’t loads, and I think it can be hard if we’re just given sheets to work through on google classroom
Because it’s the most simliar to the normal system and you can get a real time interaction with your professor and also it is grat to conduct discussions
Interactive
It's the closest to normal classes
It's more practical, you can also right away ask your instructor about anything you don't understand.
Forces work and can check understand 
I can watch them when I have time which is really convenient. I can also watch them over and over until I have really unterstood what the professor said. Generally I find it difficult to speak in real time classes as the teaching language of my master is not my mother tongue.
Interactive 
It is more engaging 
It’s easier to be in contact (virtually) with your teacher, you understand better and you can ask them questions easily
It allowed me to study at my own pace and review when I needed to. Live lessons via zoom wasn’t the best for me cause I was easily distracted and would often find myself zoning out. 
Because you can at least have some kind of visible human interaction whereas with uploaded or emailed materials you are only given an assigment without having a discussion.
The interaction helps me learn and when I'm forced to take part at a specific time I'm more likely to do the work/ prepare for the class
More interactive so I can as questions
Makes me concentrate more so I become more focused 
I find online classes very stressful with most teachers and so I like being set work with deadlines.
It has more interaction. It makes me feel like I’m actually attending uni.
You can pause the video to keep up with note taking. You can rewatch a section of the video if you couldn't make out what they were saying the first time. You can go at your own pace.
Because you can pause and take your time doing it.
Because I can go through it at my own pace and my teachers understand that
It gives the opportunity to respond and it makes that the professor speaks in a more human way instead of really quickly and robotically robotically in their pre-recorded lectures. I also get to see my classmates and friends and hear them speak, which has been a really long time.
More engaging rather than just a piece of paper etc. Ability to ask questions and things are explained in more detail.
I don’t have to talk to anyone unnecessarily, I can just get the work done independently 
Ability to ask questions and listen to other questions you might not have thought of 
Better understanding of work and better communication with the teacher 
It’s more like what it would be like normally if we went to school 
Teacher is able to explain content. You’re not rope learning anything.
Teachers usually rush to finish their topic and thus we cant really grasp it enough to ask them questions.If they make the video taking their own time we can learn from it and ask them about our doubts through google classrooms or through mail.
Discussion boards allow for time differences but also peer interaction. I liked recorded lectures but the lack of peers bothered me.
It is more interactive and it is verbally explained which I understand more than reading it myself. 
More interaction, can consolidate knowledge 
It is easier to understand the content as teachers are able to explain the topic as if we were in class, without the disruptions of muttering or other students rudely cutting in.
For my language part of the course I prefer Zoom classes, as it can be more interactive. It is the same for seminars. However, I don’t mind recorded lectures for the business part of my degree.
I can watch it whenever I want, I can also pause and go back if I missed something
There is something very intimidating about video calls, you also have to deal with privacy issues with calls and you have to inconvenience your family. A forum would be much easier
I am a music student and this is the medium that allows me to get close to what it would feel like to perform in front of a class 
Can do it in my own time
Easy and you can plan your study time
As you can interact with your lecturers and is more social - it's nice to see everyone whilst being isolated 
Live classes allow a better interaction between the teachers and the students, which you don't get in recorded lectures.
I miss the social aspect of learning and I believe teachers can explain better the material through live video connection rather than through a written text.
Can get live feedback
I have a side hustle and recorded classes allows me to schedule study on times I want during the day.
Makes you feel like you're still at uni and you're still part of a cohort, not just on your own studying.
The combination of audio and visuals keeps me focused more than just the visuals. It’s much easier to watch a video start to finish without pausing and walking away for me than to do a list of tasks without getting distracted. 
Interactive, instant replies to questions 
I feel like I would be quite anxious to attend some of the more interactive modes of teaching.
You can ask questions and be more interactive.
I can watch it when I have the time
More engaging and like actually being at university lectures.
It’s the method that keeps me most accountable and engaged 
It's the closest to actual seminars
Nice to have interaction
Easier to ask questions
Receive clearer and more detailed explanations of topics
easier to move through and not get distracted
Allows me to study effectively in my own time because I am a key worker, so I am doing extra hours during ‘school’. 
because i can ask questions and participate in discussion
Zoom, Conferences 
Tbh It’s because I can see my friends, and it’s what feels most like an actual course 
It depends on the format of my assignments and what I am trying to learn 
I like to be able to go back and watch something again 
It still gives the information you need, but it doesn’t depend on a good internet connection for everybody, so you can actually hear everything that’s being told.
I can pause to catch up or replay what I didnt understand without having a panic of missing any important information. 
To engage with other students 
because i can ask and get the answer instantly 
easier to ask questions and gain an instant response rather than waiting on an email back etc...
Because then I actually feel obligated to attend whereas I don't feel motivated to look at any of the recorded lectures
Interaction and  discussion based
It is closest to „normal“ university, conversations are possible and you can ask questions as they arise
It’s at a pace you can follow easily! if it’s pre-recorded (some of my classes are) it can be much harder to understand as you can’t ask questions and it can’t be rephrased or explained in more detail. 
In live classes you can ask questions if you don't understand something.
I find that I am far more engaged and the teacher can go into depth, whereas with uploaded materials, it may require asking for help via email.  
I like being able to ask questions when I do not get the material 
It’s interactive and comes closest to analog learning
I can go back to the material whenever I want to and feel free to ask any question later.
I prefer recorded lectures because this allows me to go through the material at my own pace and to come back to it when necessary. I engage better when I hear my instructor discussing the material. When I have to do it alone, I tend to get lost and lose focus.
Seeing and listening to the teacher makes me understand the content the best. That way, I’m able to participate in the lesson, speak for myself and listen to other students’ ideas!
Time to watch is more flexible 
You can do the work in your own time and fit it around other things 
Because I can study in my own speed
More interactive and able to get help when stuck 
You get more work done and get all the info you need
Because we can ask the teacher questions in real time
Accountability. I often let lectures pile up until the night before an exam and that was not good for my grades. 
All the work is set out clearly for the days and if further assistance in required you could always email the teacher 
You can do it when you feel ready 
I find it hard to stay focused for a whole online lecture on Zoom for example. For that I believe that recorded lectures are the best option for me, not only because I can understand the lecture and take notes, but because it always me to have a sense of control of what I’m doing, more time, and more options. 
i like seeing my tutors - it gives a sense of normality 
Recorded Lecture still gives guidance but on your own time and you can rewatch/go back 
Because it gives me the chance to do assignments and and listen to classes when I feel motivated 
Gives a chance for discussion and to ask questions. 
I can pause or repeat recorded lectures. Sometimes the pace of online lectures is too slow for me and I get bored easily but recorded lectures give me the opportunity to speed up the tempo or to repeat certain extracts 
It is one on one. Helps learn better. Most similar to an actual class.
Can access in my own time. Can pause and stop to make notes as I go along and can google and do bits on more depth when it’s paused 
So that I can be in control of when I want to do school and I dont have to follow a timetable 
just makes the lessons quicker, really. I can email my teacher for questions or text them. 
More like a real lecture and you can ask questions there and then
You are able to work at your own pace
It’s engaging and I can ask questions on the spot if I have any :) 
I feel like this shows the lecturers care more and makes me feel more engaged
Can watch things on my time, easier to fit into a schedule! Also nice to watch lectures in bed !!
It is the most engaging.
Teachers can answer our questions live, feels like a normal class
More personal and clear
There is more interaction and it feels the most similar to normal in-person classes. 
Live Interaction with the teacher and can ask questions at the same time 
It is too difficult to have discussion without visual body language queues irl
Although online we are still able to engage with one another through real time chat
It just makes it easier. The work is there ready to go and if you have questions you can google meet if you need to 
I can go at my own pace 
Can pause videos and will help catch up
There‘s a fixed schedule and you‘re able to interact with the lecturer and other participants
I find it most engaging and enjoyable.
because it is most similar to physical lectures
Beacuse it is better for teacher to explain us the theme we are doing, beacuse i got used to it in school.
More interaction
Because there’s an immediate response when you ask a question 
So I can do it in a convenient amount of time; take longer or shorter if I need to.
You get more help
The ability to ask questions about the content or get things clarified almost immediately.
Feels most similar to face to face classes
I have one teacher who uses loom to talk through the lesson content and that helps me to gain a deeper understanding than a worksheet would. Especially as this is my German teacher, it is very helpful.
It allows for more interaction
You get to still hear other people’s views and opinions
More interactive and easier to ask questions 
It is a lot similar to normal lessons 
no actual human interaction xd 
Live q&a, ability to debate
It is live, so easier to engage
It’s the most engaging. I am questioned on my ability/knowledge which I always find the most helpful to know my own understanding of concepts.
You feel like you are still somewhat in a class, and you maintain a rough routine because you still have scheduled times for classes you have to attend.
I find it easier to do my own thing
Because it enables discussions to take place and encourages me to ask questions straight away
I find it easier to understand the lesson when my teacher explains by talking through it instead of explaining it through a PowerPoint 
Because we can ask teachers questions too and not just sit there and listen if we don’t understand something 
Helps to understand the topic more in depth 
You can pause and rewind the video if you miss something important or to catch up on notes
i get the content explained rather than teaching it to myself, and it feels more like a normal classroom, but i can do the lesson whenever I want because it’s recorded 
I can watch and go back on the recording, and its available whenever i want to listen to it.
I learn better with face to face communication. 
It's very easy to go back on stuff if you didnt understand anything
I like to have the option to ask questions live. Like in a classroom. 
My class doesn’t engage well online
More engaging and feels more like normal classes while recorded lectures feels like I’m teaching myself completely 
I enjoy being able to watch at my pace and rewatch sections which can't be done in live classes. Due to a large class number it is hard to ask questions in the the live classes
Its closer to offline learning meaning its more involved
More interaction 
It’s the only one I’ve used
It’s easier to organize my time and to be efficient moreover live classes are just too long and unproductive 
Not as much pressure as live lessons
So that we can communicate with each other and discuss on topics in real time 
Feels like the lesson but without the awkwardness and time restrictions of live chats
As an engineering student, it makes more sense to go through and understand the content at my own pace while doing questions
resembles real classes
Has teacher interaction and explanation of content which is really helpful but allows more flexibility for when it is done during the day unlike live classes
I can take as much time to cover the content as I need
C’est le seul que nous avons eu. C’était plus facile de poser des questions et cela ressemblait à une vraie classe.
Face-to-face interaction
because you get interaction with peers and the teacher making it easier to share ideas and ask questions
You can ask questions on things you don’t understand and get more involved
Most interactive 
More interactive 
You can watch it whenever you like. 
It is more dynamic and it feels like I am in the classroom.
I can skip through parts I’m comfortable with and pause it if I’m struggling to keep up with writing notes. I can also watch the lectures at whatever time of day suits me/ when I am most focused. 
I’m at BOVTS doing an actor training and following this type of class then recording myself and sending it back to my tutors allows them to be as specific as they are in the room. When trying to correct 14 students over zoom it gets very vague.
 It's for me the most effective way of learning where I can choose myself what i have to work on more intensively. In Live classes e.g. Zoom it happens often that the teacher uses a lot of time to speak about things i already know and that are not relevant for me. Therefore i often stop listening carefully and it is wasted time for me. (However Zoom classes are great for issues that are more difficult to understand or for foreign languages that one have to practice and speak frequently) 
All the information is there in front of you 
More interaction and engagement with our teachers and our material
It's useful to be able to ask questions, but this is only good if it's also recorded!! Incase you miss it/are in a different time zone etc
Because it gives time for everyone to digest the content while also being able to offer opinions, ideas and ask any questions they may have.
Allows me to go at my own pace whilst still having experience of having a teacher
Able to complete at your own pace.
More interactive 
It's more interactive.
More interactive 
I prefer to study alone, at my own time while at home and as i used to have terrible internet (we fixed it now) online classes could be annoying. 

It is the closest to how teaching would usually be
Can discuss, build better relationships with other students, ask questions if Smth is not clear and you have no way to get distracted as it is online and you need to be there.
I can rewatch
It’s more independent, I enjoy self study 
Feels the most like normal university 
I feel like it's a combination of discussion forums and recorded lectures because it gives you the opportunity to ask questions when you need to. I think live classes would be good but I personally would not feel confident asking questions and it would be more difficult especially as they are in a set time and some people are volunteering or working if they're still key workers.
I can work at the time and pace I like!
Able to watch back and take notes 
I get all my work at the same time so I can plan for the week 
Because only half of my teachers actually teach on the live class and I end up using the resources uploaded anyway
I miss being able to have contact with people on my course and being able to share ideas .
Because it is easy to follow and also learn and a other point is that the teachers could see who is talking part and who is not. If one for example gets exercises send to via email or Chat one would have to learn it for themselves which is not easy for everyone. 
less stressful, can be done at any time
Because I’ve always learned better when I’ve had someone talking to me and been interactive 
More personal 
They’re difficult to get used to, but at least you are interacting with people and have the ability to ask questions and bounce off ideas like you would in person. 
Zooms for more questions and for when I am learning new material 
Its flexible and as someone with a speech impediment I don’t particularly enjoy live classes
Can access at any time and can watch lectures multiple times which can help with assignments.
Because I can talk directly to the teacher when he/her are explaining something. It makes it a lot easier to understand the topic. 
I like to get on in my own time without others around or chatting to me 
Imitates class room learning as it is more engaging than uploaded materials. Also there are no distractions that might follow as a result of live classes.
More interesting, interactive learning, easier to stay focused
Because it’s more flexible for me to study and I also can go back and rewatch it if I didn’t get something.
we can ask questions to the teachers 
Get to see the teachers face to face 
It gives you the freedom to space out your work when it’s convenient for you, and you get a lot of time to put in extra study if you want to. (Wider reading/re writing essays/watching documentaries etc...)
It gives me the ability to do things in my own time. 
I am on a creative degree so it helps to talk with others about work and bounce ideas
I can do the work when I want to, I can replay it, skip the parts that I know, pause etc. 
I am able to talk my time on the task and make notes easily, however I would like to attend live lectures too, in order to keep in touch with my school teachers and friends
I can rewind the lesson if I missed something or watch it whenever I want
you can interact more with other students and it at least feels a bit more like normal university 
you can interact more with other students and it at least feels a bit more like normal university 
You can easy ask questions to your teacher. And just see the other students and it feels like your in the class but just online. Most important you get explanations of the subject.
I am able to ask questions there and then with no delay. I find it more interesting and it is easier to concentrate if the lecturer is right there.
It’s easier to understand content and ask questions
It’s the less different from IRL classes
I prefer to work myself rather than be thought in a group situation like on zoom
It’s the closest to “regular” lectures, and you can ask questions in real-time
Discussion is still possible in our online classes, which makes it feel more ‘normal’
It forces you to keep the same schedule and it is the most similar to actual classes
You can talk to your teacher
It maintains motivation and is the only option that resembles an actual classroom setting, keeping some degree of normalcy
Because it look alike more with the real lessons
Interact with other students, being able to ask questions
Live lectures have been scheduled for a specific time and this increases the motivation to attend them. If they were recorded, this would mean we can do them whenever we want, which might result in doing the lectures at a later time and perhaps take longer.
It is more interactive and active learning 
more interaction, no opportunity for the prof to prolong the session 
Most effective for learning
No technological difficulties and time restraints like with an online class. More time to engage with and absorb materials.
From all the options it is the one that represents more closely the university experience
There is more interaction
As accurate to normality as possible
More engagement and having to commit 
That way there's more contact between me and my teacher. 
Easier
Because I will be able to follow my own suitable schedule 
I can pause if need be!
You can ask questions in real time and I feel like i’m getting more for my money with a lecturers time!
We get work set every week with due dates and it allows us to email our teachers if we need anything
I can do the work in my own time and rewatch materials if needed
It’s good to be able to interact with teachers and students during class. 
can ask questions and have more motivation to go
It allows to learn at our own speed (replay the video)
Being in a full household, and only having a small workspace in my room, it is difficult for me to do live classes as I find them awkward and stressful, but it also means that everyone else in my house has to be quiet, this is because I have to work in the main area of the house if I want to be able to participate properly. By having recorded lectures I am still getting the information that I would get from a live class, but without the inconvenience it causes to the rest of my family and this is very helpful. 
It’s as close to real lessons as possible, so we can be taught by our teacher but also interact and chat with each other and ask lessons about the material, and not have to wait for an email back.
Time efficient, comfortable and doesn't depend on internet connection speed. 
You still get the teachers input and their specific tips 
Live being can ask questions and interact
increases engagement and helps with loneliness . Also replicated my university experience easily 
Face to face interaction is my favourite way to communicate and this is the closest. 
Because you can ask questions and hear explanations 
I get to work at my own pace and independently
I dont have to be on time to follow my classes
You can go back and re-listen to what has been said
It's much more engaging
It is easier to ask questions, since there is a more direct interaction with the teacher and the other students (you can also learn from them and their doubts)
I study literature, which is largely discussion based so it is the easiest if you can just raise your hand and speak.
Allows a "normal" class experience, groupwork etc
It’s more interactive: we can have a discussion rather than just listening
It makes me more engaged and active
You can decide yourself when you want to do a course. And you can replay stuff. 
More engagement to make sure you understand the material, I've been given last years lectures
It’s more interactive 
I find it easier because I can watch what I’m being taught although I can also pause it and take notes 
I can do my work in my own time in a routine that fits me
I am able to ask questions whenever I feel uncertain about something we were taught. 
I feel more real like more connected
I can ask questions without being on camera
Do it in own time and rewatch 
I get to engage with my teacher 
Because it's clear
I like interactive classes so teams' meetings is the best.
It’s easiest and it can be done on my own time.
Working on emailed materials feels like doing homework, and I can choose for myself when I prefer to do it. Zoom classes are always scheduled, they take long and I feel like they are unproductive... 
It just feels weird talking through a call to my whole class
It’s more involved, can get immediate responses 
We aren't losing our academic rhythm, it's more engaging and we (sometimes) get to interact via breakout rooms or by asking questions to our professor. It's also easier to motivate oneself when having a regular schedule and class you can't skip (not recorded) + when really seeing someone talking to the class
I can get on with the work in my own time, rather than sticking to my usual timetable.
I can decide when i do this
I think it is the easiest to understand, and I get the most work done. Ialso like the social aspect!
Retains some sense of normality and class discussion which benefits my learning and explained topic knowledge 
Because we can ask questions and if it is recorded I do not feel obligated to watch the lecture. However if it is live, it forces me to attend.
It’s easier to vocalise thoughts than write them down. I also miss my classmates.
It’s more interactive, can be catered for individual needs, reinforces the most normality 
More interactive 
self-pacedy; you can skip back, change speed, pause to do further research 
Easier to get motivated.
Because then i am forced to participate
I learn better when listening
Live meetings hold you accountable and creates a deadline for prep work. Currently all of my deadlines are for September, so I lack in motivation. 
can do in my own time
Less pressure and more freedom
As I can work through material at my own pace and enjoy working independently. Also discussion isn’t really necessary for my chosen courses. 
The work can be done at my own pace therefore more freetime
It allows for greater flexibility and autonomy
I get my own time to understand it and go back on it rather than on a zoom you only hear it once and the teachers just want to fly through it
easier to engage 
Allows me to engage at my own pace
It’s interactive. We could discuss ideas and build on them 
I like to still have the designated time by the university to be in front of the computer for my session. I like live classes also because you can take your doubts at the exact time you are learning.
To give me ambience of learning
We haven’t had the choice of anything else so I don’t know what else I would prefer.
Get more out of the lessons 
Can interact live. If you don’t understand something you can post a comment and the tutor will reply there and then rather than having to wait for a response. 
The content does into my brain so much easier than if i’m reading it from a screen, but there’s no faff from meeting at a certain time and going on a live zoom.
We can ask our doubts and have live discussions 
You can work at your own pace
It allows for direct contact with the teacher to ask questions, and it is more engaging as so you kind of propelled to listen 
It’s great if the lectures are live because it motivates you to get up if it’s an early one, also if I have any questions I don’t need to email my lecturer I can just ask it in the chat. 
I can organize my time as I want to, being more productive
Because in my university we use something called PBL and during tutorial the discussion is mainly entertained by the students. Meeting on online platforms live makes it feel more like we are still in a room together and it’s easy to still enjoy debates. 
Actually hearing people explain it is better because I struggle to read that amount of unexplained information 
It is more interactive and feels more like being in the classroom. 
Because it gives you the space to work on things at you own scedule, it also gives a nice overview of all your assignments
Because the teacher can actually teacher you and you don't have to teach all the content to yourself 
I've never tried it but I reckon it would come closer to emulating the normal classroom atmosphere with people bouncing ideas off each other etc 
because i’m not the most confident so it’s nice to be able to do the work without seeing/talking to anyone
So i can ask question as they are going through it instead of having to email them afterwards with a list of questions if the lecture is prerecorded

Feels more normal
Because it’s easier to understand the content when the teacher is explaining rather than trying to figure it out yourself which takes longer 
I can learn at my own pace
To have a schedule 
Because its better to have live classes where we could ask professors anything that we did not understand during the lecture
I find it easier to understand more than reading an email or a document. 
It best simulates a real classroom. My classes are usually small compared to most, maybe 10 people, as I study languages so having this simulated is really important. It allows real-time questions and for us to practice key skills (ie spoken language) in a way no other format would
I can go through PowerPoints at my own speed and make notes and try questions on my own without being held back by others. 
Video calls really slow any discussions down. Natural discussions don’t really occur in the way they should 
Easier to access/work around schedules and shifts at my part-time job
I enjoy hearing the teachers voice and still having structure (not entirely self directed, must go to class so more motivated)
You can participate in the learning at your own pace 
If you have recorded video lectures, you are able to chose when to work through them. Also, it’s easier to follow when clicking “stop” and take some more time to revise the stuff more intensively.
Find live classes quite anxiety inducing and exhausting. I like working on things in my own time 
The concepts can be explained in more detail, and I find it easier to concentrate when i can hear my teacher’s voice
I can work where and when I want to
Easier to work at my own pace 
I can work at my own pace
It gives you time to pause the information so you can refer back to it. Live videos you sometimes don’t get all the information necessary.
It’s most like a in person class
I am free to listen to it when I like and how I like, I have dyslexia so being able to slow a video down really helps, live classes I can’t learn from they’re catered to a very specific type of learning (I suppose all school is haha!)
You get to engage with the professors live, so you can ask any burning questions there and then before you forget!
This helps me to take my own time to follow a lecture, as when I do not understand something I can easily go back and take more time to understand it. It allows me to follow classes at my own pace.

Everyone can contribute like a normal class. (Well, mostly). Also you cann ask lecturers questions in real time. Harder to miss a love lecture as you have to commit to joining it.
Because you can still ask questions and interact as closely to how a lesson would normally work 
Direct interaction with students and professor
don’t like talking in front of a large group of people
I feel that Zoom calls are much to busy as we have large classes. Our teachers send us the material which will be used in the lessons and add helpful videos on the topic from youtube. For me, I feel this allows me to go through the lesson at the speed which suits me best and give myself time to understand what I need to learn.
allowed to do when available instead of having to join the live lectures or calls 
Interaction and therefore sustained learning is more encouraged/likely.
Because I am a very interactive person, I learn by engaging with others on different POV and searching for the Why's and How's. It has highest long-term chance of sticking in my memory.
I actually like a mixture of zoom meetings with materials i can look at
It‘s easier to ask questions and you don‘t get as distracted as with recorded lectures
More discussion allowed, smaller class sizes
You can do it at your own pace
No awkward interactions with teachers online 
Still get to engage with supervisors in small group settings- the most important way if learning at Cambridge
Because it is more similar to the traditional way we follow lessons
A Verbal explanation of content is easier to understand especially during online learning 
I can pause the video and quickly write my notes 
We get to see the teacher and ask any questions we want and it's just easier to understand the topic 
I will be able to make notes and gain an understanding at my preferred rate and if I have any questions, I can drop them in the chat or email the teacher.
You can ask questions and it's just like a real lesson
Getting to interact with others students and teachers
I learn best through visual learning. I find reading through notes that I don't understand difficult, so having notes that are read to me while I look through the notes or having recorded lectures would be hugely beneficial I think. 
You can directly ask questions and get answers instead of waiting for a response every time.
Independent work. Can do it on your own time.

It’s the mode that comes closest to our regular classes. One of my classes relies solely on a text/forum based approach, which is not overly motivating, the others mainly on live classes and they are far more engaging. I also study languages which would be very difficult to do based on only materials.
Easier to engage; actually have to go to it and have some structure in the day; means that it doesn’t take twice as long to go through the lecture 
Able to stop and do when time permits 
Live classes have been really stressful as our teacher continually calls out a specific student by name to answer questions 
I think it’s a better replacement of my university experience before it went online
I’m not nervous from being on dam on videochat. And I’m not time limitem to the time of the meeting. Personaly i don’t like any of the online version of studying. I jist have to survive it.
It allows for direct communication and participation in my learning.
You are vale to stop the recording or play it back 
I don't have to verbally interact. I can do things at my own pace.
I can focus better and get the work done faster. Of course, for some classes it's better to get to "meet" with the instructor  but overall this mode is the most efficient for me. (Some of the live classes can be also a bit stressful.)
It's way more easier to understand the lesson, when the teacher explains it.
Allows me to go at my own pace without tech issues 
It enables us to be interactive and ability to ask questions if need be 
Interaction with others
Because you can rewatch the videos 
I can watch in my own time and make notes at my own pace 
It's still similar to being in a classroom as having it taught to me helps me remember content better 
No interruptions with internet not working on zoom 
It’ easy to follow the material and good if you have questions because you get an answer right away.
I learn best by listening.
Because it still gives me some structure since I have to show up on time and it’s also because it’s a lot easier to hear the teachers explanation especially for subjects like math.
You can look back and watch them at your own speed. If there is a subject which you didn’t fully understand, you can always watch it again and learn from it. Because you watch it during your own time, you concentrate better instead of playing with your phone during the live lecture (prior to corona)
Find independent work easier with lots of resources 
The live classes were mainly 'check in' sessions with group work but nobody spoke in them or had their cameras on so it was really awkward and a waste of time. However with recorded lectures, I could listen to what I needed to, write notes and then email lecturers if I had any questions.
With live classes there is still some form of interaction between students and with the teacher. There is time to catch up a little before class and it gives me a fixed schedule, a time when I need to be somewhere. 
More flexible to when I can complete the work
I quite like a combination of modes however lots of my teachers spent 60% of the live classes trying to figure out how to share screens etc so it was just very unproductive whereas with the recorded option which one of my teachers used in combination with lives they were very structured and planned out plus I could replay them to clarify things that I had misunderstood
It allows me to structure my own time amd plan my work. Then I can get help from my teachers via email without holding up the rest of the class in a live lesson. I also prefer self-teaching as I work better if I can process things in my own way.
I like having visual stimulus, and I can always refer back to/pause information to take it in at my own pace
Could stop the recording if they go too fast or if I need to go over something again 
more structure in my day, easier to understand
One can ask questions and get feedback immediately
Instant feedback 
Flexibility with times 
I can take my own time and rewind at any point I may wish if I didn’t understand. Or I can play the video in double speed if I understand the topic 
It allows me to watch the materials on my own tempo, I can pause if I'm distracted and watch it later with full attention. It also allows me to plan my day of work on my own terms.
You can control the pace of your own learning and you aren’t tied down to a specific time like a call. You still get some level of interaction which makes learning slightly easier 
I understand more on the topic with some explaining something than just reading off of a slide. Although I hunk I might have preferred a zoom call or something but that was never an option in my study.
when i'm home, i like to work when i want to (ie preferably not at 8 am) and most of our class times never fit in the timetable i made for myself
Because it feels closer and more real
Can work through in my own time, less stressful feeling the need to pay attention during online classes
We can make sure we understood the material and receive a more detailed explanation of the material we are studying. Moreover, we can benefit from the questions and answers of our peers and expand our reasoning thanks to them. 
It is easier when the content is explained to you. 
Works easier with uncertain schedule
Interaction, can ask qs
Because even with the materials I need someone to explain the content to me 
It is more like a real lesson so you can get more detailed input from the teacher more easily 
I can watch them whenever I feel most productive 
You can ask questions/get more help
most engaging
I can do the work when I want
Allows me to work to my own schedule 
Very hard to keep up with the large workload when everything is uploaded at once, some with no recordings only lecture slides
You can interract with your professor and ask questions directly witout having to wait several hours for a respond. 
It is more intense and I have to be present (having some type of deadline also helps)
Most similar to learning in a classroom/lesson setting
I understand the content best when it is explained to me by someone (it is better than just reading about it).
It nice to do everything at your own pace
It's less confrontational, so it's easier for someone to post and question and for others to reply.
I can engage with other students, learn from and with them
It gives you the freedom and time to work whenever you have chance!
Because in a way you can still spend time with your classmates 
Can access notes with a guided through explanation
I prefer less interactive, as you can stop and process the information more deeply.
It’s easier to engage for a longer time rather than constantly pausing the recording and getting distracted. I like discussing things too but we don’t have an option to do that really. 
Because wirh recorded lessons I van watch them whenever and how many times I want! 
I can go back and revisit recorded lectures
I prefer to just be emailed the work and get on with it by myself than do an online class
You can ask specific questions when you need to
Easier to ask questions and get help
Both uploaded materials and recorded videos 
even though i haven’t actually gotten this, i feel like i would much rather like this instead because then it would feel like im actually being taught just as if i were at schools with the teachers. it would feel like i was actually in class and it would be so much easier to learn than having to basically teach yourself everything 
Zoom can be awkward/not effective if not used correctly 
It’s interactive and can have discussions 
We can work at our own pace. There is no rush to complete things in a particular time frame.
I can go back to it if I’m not understanding something 
Can access it when needed/ can look back on it. And get more detail than just a PowerPoint slide 
It's the most engaging (to me hearing and seeing the teacher helps me focus), its easier to participate (the teacher answers immediately and the other students benefit from that aswell), it's the most "social" method since everyone is connected live so it alliviates loneliness and its the most motivating to keep a steady daily routine
Greater interaction with the lecturer, and mirrors face to face learning the best 
More engaging
You can get an instant response with questions, delve deeper into discussions and make sure you’re in the same place as everyone else.
- way more lively
- easier to understand the material
- easier to ask questions 
It allows immediate feedback from students
I find it hard to focus when I'm not doing my own research.
They r informal and fun 
You get the information still in classform but you can watch it later when you have time on your pace
I can rewind the video to go over somthing
Better engagement, less boring, more beneficial work
It offers more active learning, which is better for me
Promotes active engagement 
Keeps me motivated seeing my teachers and classmates 
Most useful to be able to discuss material and ask questions
More interaction with teacher very similar to class
Easy to follow and do in your own time.
You can always come back to what you didn’t understand.
Online dissections do not work!! But lectures are pretty easy to do online
We get to interact with everyone 
Most similar to standard lectures 
Less interaction
I can get it done in my own time, usually faster
Can be more interactive 
This means I can go through the material in my own pace. 
It physically makes you do the work and helps you keep a routine to maintain productivity. The teacher asks questions so you have to pay attention preventing you drifting off. And in general it’s nice to see and hear someone a outside your household, I think it makes you feel more connected and not so isolated.
Zoom
Easier to interact with teachers and supports the successful flow of teaching and learning through questioning and discussion
Makes you more accountable and provides a basic structure/schedule
I am able to pause the video and go back if I missed something or if I need to listen to it again
Because there is a lot of disturbance caused by few students and also network connection 
Most interactive, most like normal classes
Because you are able to ask any questions during the class. they split us into study rooms so we can talk with our course mates about the topic we are learning about which helps with understanding it. 
More interactive 
Sometimes the internet disturbs online classes: loss of connection, bad video, etc. 
Because most of the time it is engaging and it's nice to have human interactions
I can skip over parts I find unnecessary
it’s possibile to stop recorded lecturers  whenever you want and you can create your own schedule! 
Because I can ask the teacher questions
More interactive, more realistic to actual school environment 
I think live classes will be difficult to manage and I would login just to show that i logged in whilst if lessons are pre recorded for us and available to access at any time i think i would benefit from that more. It would be easier to take detailed notes and I can adapt the work into the timings that i’d be most productive at.
Zoom is good
able to do work when i want
Having live classes forces you to be ahead of your work, or at least not to fall behind 
Because you are able to see everyone else including the teacher and it forces me to concentrate and organize my day.
Closest to normal classes and works well. Able to interact with classmates.
There is more of a chance to engage with the material and discuss it to make sure I have understood. 
Freedom to express and listen to opinions
Because I can ask immediately if i have any issue about the lecture 
I feel you are forced to focus for these which reduces my procrastination and also helps with any questions i may have .
You get to participate and it’s more difficult ti lose focus. (But very necesarily it is to be combined with power points and lectures)
For Lectures I prefer recordings and for seminar Zoom Meetings. Recordings are more time efficient for lectures and pausing them can help you take good notes. 
Teacher contact, teacher can explain, opportunity to ask questions 
Feels the most like human contact
You can listen to the content without having to be visible (such as a zoom call) and you can revisit the content
I can interact with the teachers and ask questions
Because I can complete the task in my own time. I also find that during actual online classes (eg. Zoom Meetings) I lose my ability to concentrate after five minutes or so.
Can watch whenever 
More interactive than recorded lectures
I can do it at my own pace but it is recorded like a normal lesson in school. We haven’t actually had many lessons like this, mostly just materials sent to us
I feel like it‘s more engaging/interesting than simply getting thousands and thousands of papers to read (or so it feels like) 
It’s similar to an A-level lesson environment, as teachers talk over powerpoints giving a greater depth of explanation. It can be done at any time, therefore giving students flexibility. 
Can watch at any time, more flexibility 
I feel it's the closest experience to being at school.
It is most similar to in person uni teaching
Same send as a live class as the teacher is explaining it but I can pause and look things up in notes if I don’t understand. Sometimes live classes go too fast 
I’m able to learn the content as well as discuss and engage with other people during this quiet time in lockdown. 
Easier to just get on with it
If feel having discussions with other students and tutors I am able to interact with the content in a much more extensive sometimes even more personal way. I find myself being actually able to form an opinion by seeing how ithers have interprested texts and ideas, some disagreeing with the lecturer or author. 
face to face contact makes it easier to ask questions and go more in depth about what you’re learning, also as i take french and spanish i need practice speaking the languages
I can do it at any time
Go through at your own pace
More close to real courses
Easier to engage 
I like hearing the material being taught, but also going at my own pace so I can pause at anytime and just take notes if needed.
I can organize my studying way better when i’m not following strict schedules dictated by lectures 
This is the only option we have 
Prefer having a two way dialogue
In some situations it really feels as though you are in a proper classroom with your teacher and you can forget that you are not.
Because it's forcing me to remain focused as I could be asked questions and I get to see/ hear other students participate
Having the option to speak to my teachers whilst staying at home has helped me manage to stay on top of my school work
You can learn in your own time
It can contain interaction
Good for different time zones and can watch multiple times
My course is a role on role off at any time style course.  This means we are all at very different stages of completion so by just emailing / uploading what we have todo it means saves time listening to a zoom call when everyone is given different things to do
You can go back and watch them multiple times and access them at times which are suitable to your disrupted quarantine schedule 
It‘s like an audiobook! You can stop and start whenever you want.
I don’t like live sessions because not a lot of work gets done and there is always silence when teachers ask a question/ people interrupting each other by accident 
It is very similar to normal school and we all need some normality.
Because you can interact with your teacher and students
Can access whenever you want
I find it easier to understand the content when it is spoken by someone else, and I can watch it at any point in the day, allowing me to be more flexible
Through recorded lectures you get to understand the subject in your own time and pause to do some reasearch on something, which isn't possible during zoom lessons (also my uni banned the recording of classes so that's not good)
So I can watch at a convienient time and can pause to take notes
It forces you to actually attend
You can hear the information being delivered as well as reading it. 
Live classes is the closes to actual interaction, which is something we all are lacking. 
Because I will have to attend without being lazy
A lot of stuff can be left out on emails and there are delays when you ask a question and need an answer. A video call is great because its live and you can ask and answer questions there and then. It also makes you feel less alone, being on call with your class and lecturer.
It provides a more human feel
Cause you don't have to stick to a specific time to watch it, and you can also watch the lecture as many times as you want if you did not understand something, you can go back and forward, stop it...
I can work through the materials at my own pace.
Interactive 
Can access at a time which suits you. Can pause/rewind easily when making notes. 
You can do the classes in your own time
I can stop them whenever I like and take notes down, but also note the time if I have any questions.
because you have an interaction with your classmates and your teacher
Easier to pause and follow. Can always go back to material
More visual and can listen to someone else explaining it 
Not only are you able to get some sort of face-to-face teaching, but you also have a chance to see how people are coping
I go to art school so my work is about 90% practical. We stopped all practical elements of our course as it’s just not possible to teach this online as we don’t have access to materials and studios/workshops. Our only non practical module is design history which we were emailed. I really liked this as I have poor internet access so it meant I can access it whenever and take as long as I need viewing it. We had some zoom lectures but my connection was too poor so it kept freezing among other issue which made it harder.
It makes me feel like I'm part of a community & connected with people. It allows us to ask questions in real time. Teachers respond to you and that makes me feel seen. 
You can have more interaction like you would in class 
Motivating, easier to understand and learn
It does depend on the A-level subject but it would be more beneficial when learning new year 13 content (especially for maths). This is because you would be able to ask questions straight away and gain a quick response. Currently only business has done two live lessons on Google meets for 25 minutes, but within in this time the teacher explained how to answer the questions on the work set which was really useful.
easier to understand when someone is actually telling you the information rather than copying down from a ppt 
As I’m working with others I’m more inclined to work as I’m not alone 
The material is better when live 
Freedom to watch whenever and go back
You can work at your own pace 
It is much harder to take notes and stay concentrated in a live class
I can work at my own pace and I don’t have to deal with the faffing about in a lesson. 
Because I can learn at my own pace 
most clear and structured 
Forced you to engage and do it
Means I can focus on listening and taking in the information as opposed to simply reading a lesson plan on an email screen. 
Live classes and uploaded materials 
So that I can keep to my regular schedule, instead of having to motivate myself to watch the pre recorded lectures whenever. 
I’m a auditory learner also if my teacher is presenting the lesson online I can ask questions and know that I am doing the correct work 
Interactive 
Some people in class just do not know how to mute themselves, through recorded videos it’s just the teacher and you :)
More interaction, more attention
Easier to interact with the teacher right there and then and also learn from others asking questions even though you think you understand that topic for example you may not
It allows for the same interaction that is in the classroom which is incredibly important for subjects that involve discussion or practical activities. Also during this lockdown it’s nice to hear my classmates voices.
It seems the most ‘Normal’ as you can see the lecturer and other course mates 
I can listen to them whenever i want and because live sessions required huge internet data
Because the teachers are talking to us, and we can ask questions instead of talking to cameramans (in Madeira (just in this island for high school), Portugal, we also have classes in the TV)
Because it means I can complete work in my own time, however it does mean I have to have more motivation to stick to a productive set routine, which can be difficult.
I really prefer to have the study material in an emailed form because i find it a better way to revise and understand new things through tasks and all and the constant process of doing the exercises again and again . Also when we're given the material explained and written down it helps me more, i dont really know why. And though its sometimes hard to have questions i prefer it to online courses where all students are together, talk all at the same time (depends ) and even the internet connection is constantly cut... Its tiring and i thing having the study material sent is way better ,to me , personally (i hope this makes sense ) 
Dont have to do it at a certain time
It’s the most interactive and decreases feelings of isolation during this time
If it’s not live you can take your time with the work to ensure you’ve properly understood it and still have the opportunity to ask your teachers/classmates questions if unsure on anything
It's more engaging and its nice to be able to interact with lecturers and class mates
Because I am focused on the material and it gives kinda normal uni life
Explained in detail and you can watch it whenever. Live lessons are also helpful to ask questions at the time. Perhaps a combination would work well.
I like live classes, because you get tte chance to interact with your classmates and you can ask questions easier.
I don’t like being on camera or talk to an online group (anxiety issues)
Because I can interact with my professors and it also gives a “schedule”, or a specific time to do uni work an focus on that.
It is less stressful because you can go at your own pace and not worry about making noise or your camera accidentally being on during a live lecture 
It engages us to ask questions
More engagement
Flexible
Gets provided at uni anyway so like being in lecture just without being there and able to ask questions and less pressure to do it at a certain time (like if it was a live one instead)
I can watch the recorded lectures at my own pace and pause and make notes, and rewind and listen again if I didn’t understand something 
More interaction with the lecturer, able to ask questions, works like a normal face to face lecture.
It’s easier to understand when a teacher is explaining it.
Easier to understand content 
Easier to go back over concepts if I don’t understand
I can watch the recording in my own time, and I can pause it to take notes etc 
I can ask for help!
Live classes feel more like a real lesson and make me more motivated
There is a set time to work for so everyone is doing equal amount of work. Also you can do it when you choice around your family/ commitments 
Reduces over stimulation from interactivity and allows for better saturation of learning. 
It’s the most engaging
Helps me keep a normal schedule
It’s easier to consult material I need to improve on, it’s easier to remember feedback they have said. (My course is project based)
More interactive and engaging 
It mimicks the way our teachers normally teach us in lessons which makes me feel more confident about the content
personally closest version to a physical, in class lesson
it is more interactive with the teacher
It gives me time to take notes on what I think is necessary to help me understand my work and allows me to go back and watch over anything I am confused about 
Teachers can explain things to you verbally 
Easy communication, text based, fewer technical difficulties
Flexible timetable 
It allows for more engagement and ability to question anything you may be uncertain about 
I prefer  live classes because then you are held accountable for attending and you get the chance to interact and talk with the teachers and get necessary questions clarified.
It feels more personal and it is easier to follow then pre recorded. I feel obliged to actively engage
Because can catch up and pause and start it to make sure you get all the info down- in saying this I like going to the live classes as it makes me acc do it!
It lets me interact with the teacher and my classmates. I can freely ask any questions regarding the topic and discuss answers with friends.
Because it's most similar to what we had before (my course it taught mostly by lectures). It also means that I can pause or slow down the video, making it less stressful for writing notes
It helps me understand the material better if someone explains it to me
Teachers go too fast and easier to pause and take notes
Helpful but flexible
Can do in my own time 
Being able to go through the lecture at my own pace - Ability to speed up the lecture. Which gives me the time to focus on this things in the lecture I find more difficult. Then set up time with the prof or class mates over zoom to discuss the challenging stuff. 
The opportunity to interact, and obtain more personal, specific teaching
It allows you to work through at your own pace
Discussions about topics and time to ask our professors questions  to me are crucial to understanding and retaining information.
Gives me the space to work at my own pace
Allows for live participation and you can easily ask questions. Also increases motivation as it’s more like a normal lesson 
Suffer with anxiety and I find this one most beneficial
It is the closest thing to a lecture (very similar to when I Recap) 
We can interact live 
More information is given
I feel more motivated to actually attend and can get it over and done with rather than motivating myself to do it in my own time
It is more flexible for me.
Live classes or the most "real" compared to actually going to school.
It would have been more engaging
I have an obligation and a time to be there - I can’t just put if off
More interactive I would think
Because you can communicate with your teachers and classmates. 
You can ask questions and get them answered almost instantly. 
It allows rest time
Quick and easy to ask questions to increase understanding which leads to more effective learning.
Easy to understand and allows me to independently work 
More interaction and discussion 
It means I can learn at my own pace. I don't have to do it at a specific time. It is much quicker to get through the content.
allows me to gain information easily and have a physical copy that i wouldn’t have otherwise 
Motivates me to study. If it is recorded already I most likely study materials before the deadlines.
No time pressure and don't have to interact yourself if you don't want to, but you still get taught the content 
I feel as though the lecturer is more engaged with the students and it replicates the sort of classes that I would have had in person. 
You have engagement with your teachers and is the closest set up to a class room lesson 
Interaction to an extent but not too strange.
It is closest to normal class
Find it easier to learn by someone explaining the content and also gives an opportunity to ask more questions. 
You can still have a live interaction with the teacher
I can do it in the amount of time I Need to 
It is the nearest thing to a face to face class and seeing my partners and teacher make me feel less alone in this circumstances
It’s more interactive
You can listen again and put on pause
Because it allows me to watch them when I'm more prone to being focused
Easier 
Because I would actually get a lecture as opposed to just slides and materials - we should get all of them. 
It allows us to work through the content at our own pace.
Cause I work better by my own I don't focus in online classes as much as regular classes so I'd rather work by my own with the given material than attending online classes.
I brainstorm the best when put in contact with other students - in online classes, this means seeing other teachers and students on video and being able to chat directly. 
You can engage with the classes better and actually feel like you are in a classroom/teaching environment.
More like being in an actual classroom with the teachers. Easier to ask questions verbally than type it out and ask.
Ask questions and get instant feedback. You also can't put it off to do later 
Because we can have a sort of interaction
because the teachers can talk 
I can use it at my own pace.
It is easier to engage with lecturers and ask questions as you go through the content. 
It’s similar to the environment of being in a school clasroom , and that helps me get  into a learning mode , and also helps escape the feeling of being at home.   
When you discuss something, you can figure out if you understand the topic and you can gain new information through it. 
Easier to pause, take notes, rewind if not clear etc
It allows for the full teaching contact hours to be met, recorded etc. It’s the most like a normal lecture, and you can revisit it any time you want and make very comprehensive notes 
Having actual contact with lecturers is really useful as opposed to recorded ones 
I can repeat the video again if I don’t get some part.

It means I actually do it rather than putting it off
More engagement 
Less stress
Allows you to go back to certain parts if you didn’t quite understand. When it’s live it’s difficult to catch up sometimes
I can ask questions as and when I think of them rather than have to wait for an email response and then still not being able to understand the replies in written form.
It’s more engaging than having materials emailed/posted but it can also be completed at your own pace.
It keeps it a bit interactive - not simply reading a paper alone
With live lectures when my internet connection is low I keep on having log out and in again and I can’t consentrate properly
Because you can ask questions real time 
2 of my 3 subjects use emailing material and I often feel lost. I'm not the greatest reader and used to get extra help with my a levels... so the online lessons are preferred because they are explaining it live and answering questions too.
I can work on and understand it in my own time. 
More similar to real contact 
Flexibility 
Easy to access whenever suits me
Interaction with lecturers and other students like in a normal lecture, I found it hard to focus on recorded versions of previous year's lectures 
Much more interactive and I learn more 
Allows for human contact even if online which is helpful in order to reduce my sense of feeling isolated. Can ask questions there and then and get an answer asap
I find it easier to stay concentrated, and I can pause and play back the video when I don’t understand something.
I get more information about the topic that I miss in school and it helps me with the work I have to do at home 
Flexible, can be completed at any time 
Actually I want to be flexible about my lesson hours and whenever I want, I should be able to watch the lesson.
It is engaging and allows for discussion
It feels more personal. Hence incentivesing me to actually listen 
It's similar to normal classes
It allows students and staff to converse with each other and bounce ideas off of each other rather than just watching a recording and not having your own input.
Routines are not common for everyone and doing it at our own time will make it easier for us. 
The presence is more synchronised
Help us to understand the material/content better when it has been explained
Because you have to get prepared for the class and contribute in real time. In case of, recorded lectures on online material you don’t do it or do it last minute, usually 
More interactive 
Easy to ask questions, discuss ideas and also great to catch up with teachers and classmates!
Because I can rewatch it as often as I want if I don't understand a certain part
You can ask questions and speak to your teacher live and it is closest to real lessons
You can rewatch them and pause them so my notes are way better now
No pressure like in online classes, and able to rewind and listen again to things that maybe helpful unlike in in-person lectures 
The content is explained well and you have opportunities to ask questions 
Being able to interact and ask questions live
I have an interactive degree so it’s better for conversation on a topic 
I find it easier to learn with a combination of audio and visual elements.
The content is better and more well thought out I think. And means I can go back over some stuff, pause it, replay it etc
the ability to interact with the teachers readily (as close as we can get to an actual class)
You are able to ask questions and get answers straight away. You can also see classmates 
It forces you to be accountable for the work 
I think a wider range of content can be given and you can digest it better 
Because it envolves all my atention.
You can play games and listen
Watching things help me understand better than just reading 
I have the possibility to engage with my professor if I need to, and to maybe have an actual conversation
Face time with trachers
Can be completed at your own pace, in your own time. Can spend sunny days outside and do lectures in evening !
I can go at my own pace with the lessons incase I miss anything
Conversation and questions are easiest with this method
I can go at my own pace and I end up learning the content way more in depth and way faster than in a normal classroom situation.
So I can work at my own pace/time 
You can ask questions and get answers immediately and also you can talk a bit with your classmates and teachers
More contact 

I feel more comfortable with seeing my tutors and feel I get a better understanding hearing their explanation than from uploaded material with no teaching from them 
You’re still being taught in the same format as school lessons and your teacher is immediately available if you have any questions. 
Better interaction with teachers, easier to ask and answer questions
because it allows me to do the work on my own time
It’s the closest to a normal lecture
You can ask questions directly
Allows for more interaction and gives students a more convenient space to ask questions 
It’s more interactive. You can hold discussions more easily.
online classes + set work (combination as just online work is inefficient)
Because it’s easier to understand a certain topic when it’s the professor explaining it to us in real time and we can ask questions.
Interaction is much simpler and it gives the feeling of a normal classroom
Easier to ask questions
Can engage more 
It’s easier to ask questions and I feel that my teachers explain topics more clearly than when they are typed out as a task to complete.
Interaction with teacher, asking questions
Because it's interactive. 
More engaging 
Personally it’s easier to understand when I’m reading rather than on video, it sometimes buffers and you can’t really grasp what the teacher is saying or explaining
Recorded lectures makes me procrastinate
It’s a more engaging process and provides valuable contact time with tutors/peers
You get to ask questions and get a reply instantly. It also feels more human and social as it simulates a real interaction, you know that you are all there together working on a task. 
More engagement 
It is the most similar to the frontal teaching method, and it also makes it easier to ask for clarifications.
It’s more straight to the point than other options.
I can discuss with the teacher easily and they can keep us engaged with their explanation. 
Makes you feel less isolated
It's easy to go at your own pace whilst working, to ensure that you sufficiently understand the material. 
I can underdtand the material much better when it is explained by my professors and when I can ask questions and actively participate in a live debate. 
can return if not understood and no time limit pressure 
more interactive so easier to motivate- less passive and reliant on self motivation 
It can be done at a time more suitable for me and I can adapt my learning to my needs much better 
You can choose when to watch them and pause to take notes 
More interactive
I am in year 13 so my exams were cancelled so were not essential to complete the work only if we wanted to complete the course for ourselves or was hoping to resit in the autumn
would force me to attend as you have an assigned time / a routine, whereas recorded lectures its very easy to skip ones you don’t want to do / interest you less since there is nothing forcing you to do them
we can have actual discussions
Because you can work on your own tempo and pauze when needed
I prefer recorded materials because I can learn visually, go at my own pace and take notes in my own words. Any set tasks are also explained better this way.
Because I prefer face to face 
Because you can interact with the teacher and als questions etc
You can do them whenever and fit them in your day
There is time for me to go through content at my own pace. I am able to work quickly through sections I understand and work slowly through sections I struggle with. If I have any questions I am able to email my lecturer.
We can still talk and discuss a topic or area.
Keeps me engaged and accountable. Maintains some degree of social aspect of college.
Zoom allows you to talk and debate as if you were in a real life class.
i believe it helps me understand the work more if someone is actively explaining it with diagrams etc. 
It means I can pause and rewind to take it at my own pace and I can do it when I want in the day. 
Because I feel more motivated when I don’t have to teach things to myself 
I like having the connection of seeing a real person
It allows the class to have more frequent and helpful discussions with the teacher more easily and this helps to better emulate a real classroom lesson.
You can do it whenever you want/ don't have to hand it in on time 
It’s good to take notes as u can rewind (my school hasn’t offered any zoom or discussion forum which would be GREAT, so out of what we have had, this would be it)
You can ask questions in real time and they will be answered 
Because I like to interact with other classmates and professors
It enables successful interaction between the teachers and students 
I can watch them more than once
Because you can take notes at your own pace (including rewinding, pausing etc.) 
More effective 
It feels more like a normal class and questions can be answered during the lesson. 
I get anxious on video call and I feel like I can’t ask questions whereas if I have the materials I can email questions freely. 
I am able to go at my own pace and ultimately produce better quality work and have a better understanding. 
you are having the information said to you and you still can see your classmates 
I find it easier as I can work at my own pace and would find live lessons a far to pressured/stressful environment to work in, especially due to a low level processing disability I have. This is backed up by live forums and weekly or fortnightly tutorials for additional help and questions which also works well for my A Levels. 
You can ask questions if you are unsure of the content 
Because it’s like having a real class l, but from home, and you can pause it. 
Direct and immediate contact with the teacher 
I can work with my peers more
Can go at my own pace 
You can whenever you have time. 
It’s easier to participate 
Feels more like lessons we had in person 
I can pause it, look at the transcript, hear it and see it, its generally explained better and I can research things on my own after that if I need further clarification and it's a lot less anxiety than live class
Because live meetings rely on having a stable connection (which shouldn't be taken for granted) and are also extremely inefficient compared to prerecorded lessons. I haven't properly tried any other method though!
Takes away the anxiety of face-to-face teaching; is revisit-able; isn’t time restrictive; gives us more time to think about what we’re going to say/write than in seminars
It’s most like normal lessons, I can replay videos
Feels similar to a lecture and can go back to the video at a later point if you miss something that was said
I prefer listening rather than actively taking part. This may be because English is my second language. 
Can study at your own pace and in your own time
Because then I get to participate during the lessons which is a very important part of the lesson for me 
I can choose when to watch it and how. I can stop the video to take notes and go backwards to re-watch something. 
More interactive and feels a bit more like normality
There’ll be much needed interaction between students and teachers; as well as your questions will be answered before proceeding to any other concept instead of waiting to type out the question later to your teacher. 
Because it's similar to physical classes
A lot more motivating than just being set work blindly! Increases engagement and my motivation for classes 
Can look back over what everyone has said and can look back for information about something I'm struggling with 

More enjoyable and the information is more likely to stick 
Much better explanation 
Its a clear explanation, live classes often have a  bad connection. 
It allows for processing the reading materials through discussion, as I prefer to do, and I am less likely to start running behind (as is the case with the pre-recorded lectures right now...)
Feels more realistic and there’s not the pressure that comes from a live call for the student to answer. 
It helps you learn rather than just constantly doing work
More interactive and most similar to usual lectures
easiest way to discuss and get ideas across clearly 
Live classes are very badly organized. Most professors don't have an internet connection strong enough, so the audio is often affected. I also find it very hard to focus when it comes to online classes. Regardless of how much I try, it's just not the same as classes back at college.
I found that even if we do live classes, professors somehow got worse at explaining concepts, so it's kinda useless. They weren't at all prepared, and it shows. 
More guidance and discussion involved 
I like the fact i can pause the lecture if i’ve missed something or change the speed for lecturers who have speak too fast or slow.
If it’s recorded I can listen to it when it best suits me, at a time I can put all my focus and attention. Following on, with this method I have time to think of any questions I may have and email them after to class and not feel pressured to talk during live classes, I.e zoom. 
i’m able to ask my lecturers questions if i’m confused, and it also motivates me to continue working. 
I’m not very social- so I really enjoyed being able to just work at my own pace and ask questions if I had them. It also meant that I could do the work whenever- I’m a total night owl, and did most of the work outside of school hours.  
It helps to mantain some sort of interaction between the students and the instructor
I can do it at any time, and at my own pace
Gives you the ability to have greater teacher contact 
More interaction with teachers, able to ask questions if you don’t understand.
It is the most similar to a normal passion although I only had one or two as my school hasn’t done much online learning.
Because it allows me to learn at my own pace and I find online lectures very hard to follow 
Feels like how it was before we had to move online 
it is more interactive and i feel i learn more when the teacher is teaching live as it is also want i am normally used to
Easier to communicate
Being able to watch at later date/repeat/pause, especially while having other stuff to do (Work, volunteering at hospitals, doctoral thesis in Germany alongside university)
More interactive and means that you stay on time and schedule. I found recorded lectures (uploaded PowerPoints with voice notes) allowed me to slack off which I hated and I never stuck to my college schedule 
Class participation
It is a visual form of learning but unlike a live class you can re-watch the lectures and go over sections you may have missed. 
Because you can’t go wrong and it’s the most similar to before 
Can do it in my own time, unlike zoom calls 
Not comfortable with live video chat
Possibility to make question, the professor is able to adjust the lecture to the students who are listening. Recorded lectures have the pause botton, however they tend to be more condensed, a little to much and it's harder to keep up with them.
Easy to ask questions, teacher can easily help students 
I can get help from others or the teacher if needed
It's the closest thing I can get to actual contact time with teachers, and it's easier to fully concentrate and learn with a teacher present on a live class
Feels more like school as normal as we can all discuss together and take valuable points from others even when not seeing them.
i can re check the lecture whenever i want and multiple times if needed 
To much of zoom lessons are waisted on people not participating ending with the teacher calling random people out which is also uncomfertable. Most knowledge is gained through the lectures, but it does work well to have follow up zoom meetings where you can ask questions
Because you can do it when you want
Because it’s far more interactive and as close to face to face learning as possible 
it feels more like a real lesson
You can choose the time and stop if you are tired
We used to do live 1 on 1 tutorials, made it easier to discuss our work but now for safety reasons it all has to be typed for evedence.
You have a teacher in front of you (through technology) so you can ask questions if you’re confused whereas if you are just doings assignments sent to you and if you get confused you either have to write it on your work or email your teacher and wait for a response which then may not help you as it can be difficult to teach through text 
Live classes with uploaded materials gives helps us to stay in contact with teachers while being able to also ask questions about tasks that have been given. 
Because i get the same experience as I would in my uni classes in person 
More interactive 
allows for active discussions and explanations as opposed to unclear instructions 
Because some of the content is really challenging so I can pause it and take my time watching and learning rather than having to rewatch. 
As I can easily ask my teacher any questions I have regarding the information which is not easy to do when it’s just uploaded to google classroom and you don’t get any help
Because it allows me to rewind and take notes at my own pace.
You can ask questions
It's more interactive and you tend to be less distracted when you have to actively listen and take notes than when you can pause a recorded lecture
Questions can be answered in real time
Interactive Possibilities and just a more engaging and motivating method
Questions can get answered quicker than through email.
Because you can discuss things with your peers in real time and it feels the most like ‘normal school’
It gives me more structure 
Video meetings are boring and I prefer uploaded materials because I can just do it whenever I want.
Because we get to interact in real time with instructors.
Because it's the most similar to how it was when we were at school - it gives a sense if normality. Also the live factor means you can't miss it and you are being almost held accountable for your presence.
You can watch them as many times as you need, and you can pause them to take notes, and you create your own schedule, you don’t have to watch them at a certain time
Because like that it’s easiest to manage your time. 
Flexibility of schedule, the ability to pause and reflect when I need to, and take the time to fully absorb the information. I am an independent learner and I benefit from reading and listening to information. If I have any further questions, I can follow up on the discussion board or via email
Can catch up on it whenever is suitable
Because I can watch whenever I want the recorded classes and in case I have any doubt I can email the teachers to ask them and we can even discuss it by zoom or any live platform 
It involves discussing with peers on the content assigned. This allows active learning as compared to recorded lectures or Zoom classes.
It is easier to manage my own time this way, and I'm more focused when I have to understand by myself.
It’s a way to keep you motivated to attend to class and you can ask questions.
Can watch everything in your own time. 
It still holds you accountable, you are forced to pay attention
This is all we have been given
Gives the necessary knowledge and allows for students to learn the material When's best for them mentally 
Can interact with the tutors and ask questions when you need 
Because there is some kind of interaction that is needed.
Can do in my own time zooms are unproductive 
It’s interactive and the best substitute for a real lesson. 
you can complete your work at any time in the day, compared to having to be online at a certain time 
I can listen to it whenever i want to and as much as i want to 
I learn best by discussing stuff as it helps me understand things better 
It allows to interact and ask questions like in a normal lesson
Because we get to interact with the teacher and the materials studied more
More interactive and get to ask questions on the stop.
Because it makes it easier to understand the topics
I prefer the live classes as i think this gives me more of a structured lesson routine whilst at home. I also think the live classes make it easier to be able to ask questions/you can gain support easier if needed. 
Live classes often don’t give me enough time to process the new information so having recorded lectures/videos allows me to go at my own pace. 
Allows students to fully engage and ask questions at any point aswell as providing a challenge as additional work can be set
More engaging than the recorded lectures. Seminars are conducted live and provide direct contact with the instructors, while recorded lectures can be very difficult to motivate oneself for. 
You could do recorded classes anytime you can. Also you have a chance to be back and revise class when it's needed. Sometimes internet connection is too slow that's why live classes become annoying and useless 
I can access it at any time however sometimes it would be better to have zoom seminars as well as recorded lectures
More customizable and tailored to our own pace of learning. 
You can ask the teacher questions 
Teachers often explain things in greater depth/ can explain through their preferred teaching style which the students will be used to 
Can view it at Any time 
I am not a fan of online learning , to be honest , and would prefare learning in class , but I am fine with zoom , google meet etc
As I can pause and rewind and spend as much time as I need on the lecture and then email about any questions I have or anything after 
The live interaction with other people helps material to be learnt and consolidated
because you can't postpone the courses so you're more on track
Interactive learning is a lot more effective
It is the most similar to our normal education, which works quite well (mostly). It also means that our work is monitored, so we are obligated to do the work.
More interactive so can ask questions. 
I can see other students responses that are more curated than just on a zoom meeting or something
This allows up to actively learn! Ask questions on the spot and allows me to understand easier 
Can be done in own time - prefer to work in evenings and spend day with family/outside 
You feel like you’re in an actual lesson, the emailed materials we fill out on a doc doesn’t really go in or feel like learning
I can go at my own pace, and it's kinda sad when no one really participates n the teacher just starts name calling💩
You could still interact with teachers and other students during lessons
I can ask the teacher questions whenever I have a doubt in a more immediate way. Also I prefer to listen to my own teacher explain, instead of seeing videos on youtube, because I know what information they find most important.
Able to interact with other people and the people you would normally spend time with. Able to engage in discussions, similar to in person lessons.
I often lose concentration and interest during lectures. To me, they are a waste of time. I prefare to work on my own. That way I can work quicker and understand the material better.
You can pause it, and do it in your own time, so at times when you feel you will be more immersed in the subject
You have an added level of accountability that ensures you actually do watch the lectures and it brings structure to your day.
Current, can look back on it, easy to revise from, almost easier and more helpful than being at university. 
More interactive
The lesson retains longer on my head if I can visually see it and hear someone talking about it hence video is easier for me.
More interaction like we'd have for actual school in person, get the chance to ask questions in real time.
Can make interactive videos, with checkpoint quizzes etc, which we can rewind if we don’t understand - learn at own pace
Communication is easier 
Hearing someone’a verbally explain something is much more easy to grasp
It generates the largest amount of interaction possible between students and faculty 
I can go through at my own pace, and can email/ chat over zoom if I have further questions.
I can ask questions when they arise
Straight to the point content even though I like discussions on video calls (microsoft teams).
We have more contact with our professors 
It is more engaging
it’s a lot easier to learn the material when you can engage with people 
More engaging and easier to concentrate
Because you are face to face with your teacher and can get a better understanding in what you’re learning.
Can get point in a much clearer and more consise manner
It allows the students to participate and ask questions
it keeps to the normal routine of school and we can ask the teacher questions and have discussions as soon as we encounter things we don’t understand 
Because when a lecture is recorded you don't get interrupted by slow wifi. 
The teacher can make sure they have hit every point needed in the lesson without skipping anythings as well as we as students can pause the video and take notes.
I like getting the possibility to participate in an exchange of ideas and to experience personal intercourse. 
Because I can stop the video and take better notes.
Actual discussion! In zoom calls it’s mostly the Prof speaking and if we would like to discuss stuff it gets really messy, just not like real life:( so that’s why I like the chats.. you can craft your answers, answer and quote specific stuff and don’t fear talking over Somebody accidentally 
I like feeling like I'm not in it alone
Because you can focus easier and pause to write everything down 
I can do the tasks whenever I want to.
It prevents procrastination, and the lecturers are there to answer any questions if i have them. Whereas it its a recorded lecture, I’ll have to email my tutor and it will take days to get a response.
I prefer to learn via video as I like to make my own notes from what i gain out of the class. 
Time difference won't be a factor affecting my pursuit of education.
More interactive 
A lot of teachers, understandably, are still figuring out the best way to teach virtually. This means that when we have live lessons a lot of the times it’s “busy work” or something that isn’t necessary to have a live lesson. Also, often they will set work to go with this, so you have to do double the amount of lessons which is a bit hard to keep up with. There have been quite a few technological difficulties, too. 
The tutor can go in depth with content they are teaching which is always a lot more useful when learning new content 
No time constraints, can easily make notes without having to miss the lecture and be unable to ask the professor to go back and repeat or clarify
It allows direct communication like real classrooms and makes it easier to have discussions
I can pause the video and go at my own pace, or skip some content if I am finding it easy
You can have a more engaging discussion with your teachers and classmates on video when it is live. It also motivates me to go more because they would be able to see I wasn’t there, rather than recorded lectures which I probably wouldn’t watch. 
Get to hear other stydents opinions but nit pressured to give it all of your attention for the entire time
You can interact with both teacher and fellow students live 
Means I don’t have to communicate much 
More interaction and it kind of motivates me to study
More efficient - you don't need to wait for people to be online to reply to questions. Everyone is getting the information at the same time - no one is falling behind
More interaction, face to face 
I can actually learn better and at my own peace, rewinding if I need to understand something better
More like a normal class at school
Most interactive 
It is engaging and you can ask questions in real time, unlike recorded lectures. 
Because its easy. I just download it and use it when i need to study or just look up some things for homework.
Because 1 to 1 tutorials are the main teaching method on my course (product design) and with live chats I can get a lot more info out of my tutors
It allows me to still get the input from the lecture if I wasn’t able to attend the live video (which has often been the case!)
It is like being taught by the teacher
Get immediate answers to any questions, it’s the closest to our normal school lessons
It has a more personal feeling to it. Makes me feel as if the university/lecturer cares more about individual students rather than just having to upload lecturers as it’s their job. 
Because if the teaching is not as good, you can essentially teach yourself.
I am able to ask questions directly and get an instant response. I am also more inclined to actually study compared to just recorded lectures for example. 
I really enjoy lecture/discussion based classes but only one of my professors even uploaded recorded lectures. It’s better for engagement and being able to ask questions.
It is easier to ask questions and to talk to classmates as if we were in a live class
More interaction 
You can ask questions and get answers instantly 
I can pause the video to full understand what is being said
So I can interact with the lecturer
I like the interaction which somewhat mimics real life connection. 
Can ask questions straight away without having to email 
Because then I can actually chat with the teacher and ask questions as soon as they arise. Also I feel more connected with other students, knowing that they are in this live lecture with me.
I can do it in my own time
Interaction with professors are much easier and questions can get answered quickly 
The teacher is with you in real time and you can ask questions on what you’re stuck on and get answers straight away and you can get on with finishing your work
There is more motivation to attend
I still have some sort of support from my lecturer but can do the lecture in my own time
Tells me everything I need to get done precisely, almost like a to-do list
One to one interaction of student and instructor is easier . 
Would rather listen than just read myself 
Because it is easier to communicate with the teachers when we’re “together”
I can chose when i watch them, and can always rewatch them  
It forces me to actually learn rather than only doing the work which needs to be handed in. 
Opportunity to ask questions and be more engaged as sometimes what they say may not be clear 
Get live response to questions asked and is more interactive.
Because I probably wouldn’t watch recorded lectures or engage with forums/chats
More interaction with the class and tutors
You can easily ask questions and discuss work with the teacher and other students which helps aid understanding
It’s easy 
I do a practical degree
We are a small class, therefore it is nice to interact with everybody and be able to discuss the topics of the class 
Because anything that is close to face to face teaching is best. I go to Cambridge so face to face study is pretty much integral to the teaching style of the course. It is a much less limiting form of communication and conversations and learning is much easier to conduct. 
You can interact with the teacher whilst speaking, like you would in a classroom ( instead of texting).
It the closest to a real lecture
Because you can look back at it since the information sticks M U C H less live
I can watch the lectures in my own time
Because you can look back at it since the information sticks M U C H less live
It feels more like how it would normally be 
Kept me more motivated and kept me on more of a schedule.
it’s nice to see classmates and teachers again who i probably won’t see after A Levels and it allows more discussion on topics
It creates more of a classroom space where everyone can interact with eachother.
It is easier than having to teach yourself content, you quite possibly haven’t seen before, If I find something hard to understand, it is often challenging to explain it to myself, as I am having to play both roles.  
It is the only one we use
Independence to be responsible for your own learning
More of a visual learner
Offline or online anyone of it works. However for many of the Indian students who do not even have good network connectivity, offline mode is preferred. 
Possibility to pause the video and take notes, professors are open to answer questions via email anyway, so I am happy with my lectures not being live
More engaging 
Because of the interaction with the professors
because i can organise my time and i don’t have to stick a schedule 
I'm more engaged and learn better when I'm required to participate 
it's the only one I have tried
Because it is the most similar to actual lessons
Live classes are the closest we can get to the atmosphere of a normal class room
Less Awkward 
I learn best from reading and writing and because I have time to think and I express myself better through written word, however I understand and value the skill of speaking and presenting ideas in real time, so in-person classes are important in that regard.
It is easy to follow step by step what they want us to do.
Because I have that lecture on demand, which is useful for when I am doing assignments. 
I feel as though you get the classroom 1 to 1 environment however if you do need help everyone hears your problem/questions.
More interaction between participants 
I prefer to teach myself and I don’t feel pressured by having my peers around me like I would in a zoom.
It helps me to understand the topic better when someone is talking rather than just read it. 
I can do it whenever suits me but it's also detailed
Do classes when and in the order I want 
It was the only mode
you can repeat parts to clarify information (good for maths/chemistry)
More engagement is possible, most similar to traditional teaching
More engaging and can gain a better understanding of the content taught
We use virtual classroom in which you can directly ask your questions and teachers can add polls to keep you active
more interactive 
It gives me an opportunity to engage with the subject and ask questions to clarify my understanding. I do also find it really important to be able to follow up with uploaded or emailed material after the zoom lecture.
Less time consuming and allows you to get instant feedback from teachers (also I am the only student taking two of my A Level choices so it only makes sense to do it this way)
Opportunity to interact with the teacher and gives structure to school day 
Easier to stay focus 
It can be awkward talking to a teacher online one to one especially people with mental issues 
We can interact with each other more, and questions can be asked and answered much easier 
I prefer being given the work and having the freedom to carry it out in my own time - rather than being dictated by the schedule of the zoom class timetable. Basically, I would prefer to have the same amount of work due, but I could allocate my time as I please to finish it. Instead, with zoom classes, I have to waste time logging into each class before I can start working, and if I’m in the ‘zone’ doing the work of a different subject, I have to switch what I am studying, which is really annoying.
I am able to review the videos when working on assignments
 it helps to keep working even without motivation, feels like a normal class as you see you classmates and you can ask questions right away without having to send an email and wait.
So I can do it when it works for me!
I can ask my teachers directly and they can explain it to me on the spot
They’re easy to flick through and learn at your own pace in your own time, also far less awkward than Zoom classes that no one wants to talk in. 
free to do at your own time, don’t have to be “in class” at a specific time in order to learn which is difficult currently 
I take subjects that require a lot of explanation and understanding to achieve good grades in and this is the best method for teachers to do so
I can structure my timetable according to my needs 
I am able to communicate without the pressure of video calling
More engaging and easier to ask questions/check understanding. Online calls are too intimidating.
I can tailor the video so that I learn in the best way for me. Ie I can slow down and pause the video if I’m struggling with a concept.
you can do everything at your own paste
feels the most similar to a normal lesson
I just learn more this way
They can explain things on the spot. We dont have to then bombard their email with questions if they recorded a lecture in advance.
More engaging than the recorded lectures. Seminars are conducted live and provide direct contact with the instructors, while recorded lectures can be very difficult to motivate oneself for. 
Questions can be answered immediately
I can work independently and in my own pace
“Personal” interaction (as long as people do not bother talking into a computer) 
You can do it in your own time 
By participating in discussion forums I am more engaged and automatically learn more about the course material as I have to apply it immediately. Furthermore, live classes were stressful since I am an international student and the time difference made it very difficult to participate in live lectures 
Because the classes have no extra value online so it is best to just upload the material and in case of questions email
You can watch it anytime and its easier to understand than just the material without any kind of explanation
Because it feels the most like „normal“ Uni life. I can see my friends via video and Webcam interact with the professor and each other.
There's more freedom, you can organize your tasks however you want so it works for your situation. You cannot assume everyone's life at home is the same, for example, not everyone can be online at a specific time or has the devices needed. 
I am able to directly ask questions and engage in live discussions with my teachers 
Freedom to Strange day the way I want to, takes less time than zoom -> higher concentration level
Because there's a bit of social exchanges, it's more alive and motivating (especially when the video of the students is on) 
Easier to interact with other students and the teachers 
Makes it easier to discuss content and ask questions - more similar to lectures and seminars before lockdown 
Easier to focus knowing it is live 
Because it’s easier to communicate with the professor /teacher 
I get to interact with the teacher and fellow students in case I haven't fully understood something and I get to see other people again which is nice. It is also interactive.
Unsure 
It’s nice to see my classmates and to be able to stop the class to ask questions if needed.
I can look back at what the tasks are, with zoom this isn’t always possible 
Less technical difficulties, easier to acess. 
Most similar to normal lessons
we can actively participate in learning
I prefer forums/chats because I actually feels like I have to participate. During zoom meetings it easier to fake being attentive.
I would prefer tasks to do ie. research, workbooks with supplementary recorded lectures and optional live class discussions - it’s difficult for many people to join due to lack of laptop/internet access or the lack of a quiet space to join calls so I don’t believe they should be mandatory or the only way of getting important info. emailed materials can be used with just pen and paper, my younger siblings have had work packs delivered by post and found this most effective (trying to use minimal resources as possible would be key here to be environmental of course). I also feel like just having lectures from past years isn’t as useful and feels less relevant/motivating to be paying the full tuition fees and just receiving a link to a podcast from 2015? I’d rather have a bolt-on of a message from a lecturer with information relevant to current research and how this lecture fits into the course for this specific academic year
gives me a greater motivation to do the work as the teacher is directly in front of me.
Because everything is happening real time and you can participate, almost as if you were in class.
Active and engaging 
It most represents actual classroom learning.
Easy to work through and can PAUSE! Can then work at my own pace 
I can pause at any time and take notes
Because it’s more interactive and engaging 
Easy to do Assignments.
Possibility to watch when desired and interactive. Possibility to make pauses to take notes 
Because you can ask questions in the live classes and it’s less stressful 
I have the most freedome to organise myself. 
It is the closest thing we get to interact with our instructors face to face, which I think is beneficial to both the instructor and the student and greatly aids in the process of learning.
More like normal school but you can do it at a time that suits you
Because then I can skip things, which are too much (we get sent a lot of work and have online classes and sometimes classes at school and have to prep for final exams, which all in all is a heavy overload)
Can ask questions, more engaging 
i can take the work at my own pace
I like to be able to do work on my own time.
Live classes are far more accelerated in teaching as they are more focused and the topic at hand can be grasped easily, as there is more clarity.
Because live classes really force me to do the work, whereas with uploaded materials, I often don’t feel the motivation to actually work on them.
I feel like I'm getting more out of uni. I'm more likely to do the work, listen, take part, if I have to be there for a lecture
Because u can do it at ur own time and hear ur teacher speak to get help 
I can play it back after, increase the speed, and pause to check my notes.
This is my preferred mode because I like discussing or debating about certain topics that we have learned in school.
This way I can ask my lecturers questions and get the answers immediately.
More interaction with the person teaching so it therefore feels much more like we are being taught than just being set work. It also helps me actively engage in the content being taught as it’s similar to a classroom dynamic.
I suck at self conducted study so I need the classroom like environment to work effectively or I will just never do my work 
I prefer just making notes / getting on with it myself, even though there are often teams meetings to go through content as well
I am able to participate in my classes as if we were there in person. Also, there is much less paperwork than when we get our assignments e-mailed and we don‘t have to teach ourselves as much.
Less pressure to be available at a specific time 
The interaction with the professor
More interactive as professors can answer our questions live in real time. I found there is also more of an incentive to attend live lectures and I found it harder to get myself to watch pre-recorded lectures. Live lectures kept structure in my life.
You have a structure in your day, you are able to ask questions and socialize and the teachers only give you a realistic amount of tasks
It feels like more of a lesson rather than just a slide show presentation, it helps me to focus on the school work and the teacher can explain the work in more detail
Can study at any time
Go at own rate. Less pressure
Most interactive and engaging
It resembles the real life lessons the most and gives you a routine since these classes are at certain time, where as lectures you can watch at any time and therefore might end up never watching them
As a student, I am able to receive the help and others perspectives on the work right away. Therefore I am able to do the work set quicker whilst discussing the matter with other students which then helps with remembering the source.
because I can watch my teachers explain everything while I can work on it myself + I can pause it and think about it 
New material is much more understandable when it is being taught, rather than reading it solely from the book 

More personal, can ask questions and actively participate
Provides the closest experience to face to face teaching 
It is easier to complete work, however it is difficult to ask for help with teachers, but this would occur no matter what online teaching mode used
It allows us to complete our work when we are available (google meets may be at inconvenient times)
I can go back to the video and learn in my own pace.
You can watch them in your own time and increase the playback speed
I can do it at any time and if I have questions I can book a tutorial later on. It gives me more flexibility.
Laid out more clearly and I understand it more
You get to ask questions easier
It feels most like classroom learning
Because I really like to work on my own and figure things out for myself instead of being explained concepts.
means I don’t have to actually be online at the specific time, which is easier due to my home situation
It gives you the freedom to learn whenever you want to, as opposed to having set learning times which can be difficult if people are working in different time zones.
It feels as much like a regular lesson as possible so I feel more focused and like I’m learning more 
Easy to pause and re-listen if needed!
Because Ive the freedom to orginze myself and then if Ive questions I ask them to my professors.
Another point of view is valuable to me 
Because it allows us to ask questions when we have them rather than asking later
It feels a bit more close to not online lessons, being able to see the teachers and classmates helps a bit. 
Just sending up some assignments are not helping to understand the matter. It is important to discuss it 
More personal which i like because I really miss the in person school experience and teaching
I can do it whenever 
It gives me flexibility and allows me to structure my own schedule.
Direct contact with the professor 
I don’t like live chats for some reason find it very uncomfortable.
Interaction with lecturer and other students in real time, alteration of teaching in response to this.
Because we have more time to actually get to know the subject by ourselves and we can ask questions at any given moment
You can ask question 
I prefer interacting with my peers/tutors as I think I learn/understand things better in discussion based settings 
Easier to connect to, more engaging and makes sure I actually do the work 
Able to pause the lecture
I can ask questions in real time.
More relaxed as live lessons but provides assistance rather than jus leaving us to learn the material ourselves 
It means the whole class can discuss and help eachother when struggling :)
You can have more engagement as opposed to just reading through slides by yourself. 
Led through the content 
Because I can ask questions `face to face’
Because it makes me have a timeline and structure to my learning and day
I an socialy anxious person so thank God we don't have zoom classes, because I am very insecure. I can do work in advance, so I have free days 
I can go over the content at my own pace
It allows me to ask questions easily and clarify my doubts 
Learning by viewing/ hearing is most normal. 
Because it’s easier and I can do it at my own pace
Because it allows me the follow the lesson in a better way and take notes properly without missing any important information.
feels more similar to normal teaching, but also means I won't miss out with my bad wifi at home if they are recorded so I can go back and watch them again.
easier for me to learn it, hearing and seeing in one
You get live feedback on work and can easily ask all questions and don’t have to wait for a response. Also feels the most natural to what it was like before. I mainly had group tutorials before so we had the same groups in the Zooms
It is more interactive and you can ask questions in real time.
Because it helps in active engagement and it's almost similar to actual class yet allows you to learn at your own comfort of home.
Get to see people and it brings the social element of learning I love to the home.
It feels more like normal. I’ve also had dance lessons online which can only properly occur on zoom. Love you jade <3
Can speak with the teacher in real time regarding the work and work together in the class.
I don't usually participate in discussion during lectures, I prefer to just listen and make noyes, so I am happy with pre-recorded lectures and then maybe a discussion board when you can see what other people thought/had questions about. 
Because I can focus on it and hit replay if I missed something, also I can actually understand the concept and actively take good notes. 
It allows for questions to be answered as they arise and seeing questions from other people also gives more perspectives on the topic/answers questions that I perhaps didn't think of.
immediate feedback
Ii is more convenient and I can finally follow my own timetable. 
You can engage more with the teachers
Live interaction with teachers and peersp 
Freedom to watch it at your own time
It is more engaging and gives a break from purely independent study
I havent experienced live so I can only comment on what I have. Hearing lecturers speak out the concepts is much more insightful than reading it yourself. Much easier for interpretation to go wrong. 
Can suit different time schedules and requirements, some students have had to take on extra roles in their home or work extra hours as essential workers. There’s timetable may not be suitable anymore
You can watch the lecture in your own time, pause it and make it easier to study at your own pace! 
You can get help from teachers or classmates if you don't understand something. It is closest to learning in school

you can work in your own time, and I find it easier to concentrate without everyone in the zoom meetings.

I study in a language that is not my first language so I find it good when I can play back the material as many times as I want. 
It’s easy to go back and check all the material whenever you need.
Because it involves us all, rather than just listening to the teacher/ lecturer, and it allows me to focus more on the content as I am able to contribute 
Because it substitutes regular classes the best 
Interaction
Allows you to ask questions and be more engaged
I can get direct feedback on my work, and I can concentrate much better when I’m being engaged with and can actually discuss topics, whereas I find it difficult to stick through recorded lectures when I could stop at any time. 
Only method 
You actively learn and actually bother to do the work
This is the only mode I have experienced
It still allows students to have the close interaction with lecturers and teachers in seminars that I find so important when learning 
I can do it in my own time and complete then at my own pace. The live workshops we had were just awkward and kinda messy and I didn’t get much from them. 
More interaction 
You can interact with the teacher and students
Because I study better, when teachers actually explain something to me instead of just handing out worksheets without any further explanation.
I find it easier to remember contest whilst my teacher is explaining it, instead of having to read 
Because its the closest we can get to an actual class environment and I learn fairly well in a class environment
Because then it's more like a normal school and normal lessons, and it's not as much pressure on you to do everything individually and it's not as much self discipline. Therefor I think it's easier to study that way, I get more done.  
Easier to interact with teachers and is more like an actual classroom environment 
Because you can ask questions live. 
It gives me opportunity to plan ahead and decide what to study when, I can also take time to understand what it is I’m learning about.
As I can go at my own pace
There is a direct contact with the teacher
I learn well when someone else is reading out-loud to me. Also, when the lesson is live this resembles school more closely so is better for my mental health as I feel like I am a part of something.
You're held accountable to be there and do something at that time and you can't delay or put it off. Also, having someone just explain concepts and examples and being able to ask questions and get a quick response is so much more helpful. 
Keeps up to date 
More contact - feels more like an actual lesson but only one of my a level subjects does this
Freedom to ask questions if needed and get immediate responses
It feels as close to the lecture hall environment as possible, but also allows you to choose when to do the work and do it at your own pace. 
Live classes are more interactive as compared to the other options like recorded lectures or emailed materials. We can interact more with our teachers/ lecturers as well as our classmates. Its also easier to follow the class when teachers use options like “share screen.” 
More 1-1 Feedback, more detailed interaction and efficient
It is the most interactive and feels as though you are in the class yourself.
Zoom
I want to be able to ask the questions I want so that I can keep up with the teacher 
easier to ask questions 
It helps me to stick to a relatively normal schedule, especially for sleep wise. But we also have the option to watch those lectures remotely as well. 
Allows real time access to conversations with the teachers where we can ask for advice or additional questions on the content. 
can ask questions and get an answer straight away 
Because you have a set time for the course, which helps to bring structure to my life at the moment. I also like the possibility to interact with instructors as well als fellow students in real time.
I can have immediate feedback from work
You can personalize it: You can stop it when you want, move back etc
you can hear the teachers voice, it motivates me in a way, it’s explained clearer 
It is the most similar to in-person classes, allows the best interaction. 
Can take them at my own pace and at whatever time suits me best. 
It helps to feel like I’m engaging with the course by having someone to explain certain concepts and answer questions
They can be paused whilst I take notes and the learning can take place at my convenience rather than at set times 
As you get a clear explanation and you can ask questions during these meetings. The only downside is that I don't have a case study as this is needed for my final exams.
Emails are not engaging 
I find it a lot easier to concentrate when I can watch the lectures in my own time. It also allows me to work when I want to and structure my learning in my own way.
Can pause + rewind
You don’t have to do all the teaching yourself and you can keep coming back to it.
Because we get to ask all our questions and doubts and we can get an answer immediately.
I can pause to write down notes whenever I want to and can rewind or fast forward depending on my understanding on the topic. 
A lot more comfortable with discussing via typing as I’m less likely to interrupt somebody else
I find live classes to be awkward and uncomfortable and I generally can make better notes with a PowerPoint in front of me rather than rushing to write everything down that everyone’s talking about during the live class.
As the lecturer is there to ask questions
It allows for more communication and adds more engagement and interest to the class without the anxiety of speaking out loud
Face to face 
More opportunities to share opinions & group discussion with a tutor
Gives me more lenience to do my lectures when I can - more free 
Sense of still being in class with everyone online and listening at the same time 
Easy to follow
Because it’s more engaging and interesting to learn from 
In depth explanations of hard topics.
Best way to simulate real lessons
More interactive and a chance to ask questions
Both live lectures and uploaded material, preferably with a lot of cross-communication between the two. 
Gives me an opportunity to interact with my teachers and classmates as if we were in a classroom setting
Very similar to classes in school and can ask questions live and get them answered asap
More room to ask questions and hear other members of the class’ questions and opinions 
Easy to keep up and do it at my own pace 
I am very active on email and prefer the layout. 
I can do it in my own time
if your stuck you can get answers instantly 
T gives you the ability to both gain proper explanation and also have sufficient time to complete my coursework  
Able to interact with the teacher more and also can help and receive help from my peers
Feels more like a real class
You feel like you can ask questions anytime rather than a recorded lecture
I prefer working independently and find it very uncomfortable to do live classes via Zoom
I hate speaking over the phone and Video calls as it makes me feel uncomfortable 
I can rewind or pause to make notes
It is interactive and this is the most similar method to face-to-face courses
Students remain active as the live classes allow discussion and the professors motivate the students.
You get the most interaction 
because it would be a lot easier for the teacher to teach you instead of piling work upon you which you have not learnt before
Able to talk to your teacher (ask questions etc) in real time 
Because otherwise it feels like you’re being thrown into something without much of an explanation 
Live classes gives the opportunity to have discussions and ask lecturers questions at the time and explanations are much easier than over email.
I get to interact with the teachers, I can ask questions about topics I do not understand and get an answer straight away. During online classes teachers also explain the new study material, so for me personally, it is easier to understand it, rather than having to go through all of it by myself.
More convenient 
It allows us to have our tutorials and classes pretty much as normal 
Because we would have done what we normally do in a lesson
Less stressful and easier to focus, but also the option to ask questions and get help
Because you can ask questions in real time and speak to your peers 
My degree requires the level of interaction that can only be mimicked through zoom
It’s the format closest to my usual method of teaching (in person seminars) 
I can easily ask questions without having to wait for somebody to reply 
I think it’s most similar to a classroom setting. 
Right mix between having input from teachers and also being able to do independent study
Easier to interact with teacher and other classmates
Engagement with people
Live classes
It gives the enthusiasm to do the work as I need to be present in front of my teacher rather than leave it up to my own devices - I’m a procrastinator haha  
Because it enables me to study in my own pace which makes it easier for me to really engage with the material
The direct contact gives at least some form of engagement where you can ask questions directly. 
I can organize my days and watch the lectures when I feel most productive. 
it allows for interacting as discussion of ideas between teachers and we can split off into groups for projects too. it’s nice that with my school we don’t have our cameras off and microphones off  in lessons so that it’s less invasive and for many less intimidating. we do turn out mics on for answers questions when instructed.
work gets explained and you can keep going over a point you don’t understand
more engagement
I’m an essential worker so being able to fit study around work and work around study is important 
Because there's a difference between reading a text alone and understanding the text by yourself then asking questions on a forum that don't work well and where your questions don't get an extended and explained answer than having to read the text and then proceeding to have your teacher answering questions at the same time you are asking them. I don't even know my professor's faces, there's like 6 professors and I barely know their names, is kinda dehumanizing because I'm not even talking with a person, I'm just reading a premade power point without any other explanation
Student engagement is better 
Because we can interact with the teacher and class
It IS better to understand the materials that we have to learn
Easier to ask questions 
I like being able to ask teachers questions and seeing the answers to questions that other students have asked. Since our lectures are recorded I like being able to look back at them at a later time.
Because you can actually interact with the teacher and ask questions when you want/need to.
it forces you to pay attention 
I learn faster on my own. Classes via zoom take too much of my time
You can go back over them if required! Also pause and start again, really beneficial.
I prefer live classes because they are the most interactive, you can ask questions directly and it’s most like the physical classes. However, my school doesn’t provide that many online classes and most of the education I get is by having deadlines every two days for certain classes
You can pause the video if you don't understand something 
Easiest and most efficient to use/ comprehend
More suited to individual schedules, can go at my own pace and less anxiety-inducing than zoom calls
You have to attend so means you have to have structure/ routine.
Work to print off or work off of the laptop. 
It works the fastest
Face to face can be so valuable when the teacher is explaining something
Because the live classes are very counter productive
Because you can see what the lecturer is presenting and how they elaborate on different points
It encourages independent study 
Still getting human interaction, able to ask questions at the time and have them answered
You’re able to apply your learning and most importantly interact with other people, asking questions, sharing ideas, debating etc. It makes me more accountable for my learning. 
Helps with combating procrastination, can ask questions directly
Its more active
Can easily interact with teachers and access knowledge quicker.
It is easier to learn this way
Because it gives you feeling like you're attending normal class and you can ask questions and have live discussions.
It lets me work at my own pace 
Videos allow the lecturer to speak and describe more in detail than if the PowerPoint was just uploaded alone.
I can work through it in my own time, no need to join a chat or call at a specific time 
It is much easier to ask questions and clarify, and i also feel that I pay more attention and am more focused which means I'll understand the content better.
Because it gives me the freedom to read/do it whenever I feel like I’m able to do ut best.
I like being able to see people’s faces, and be able to ask questions as we go etc
Able to ask questions more easily than if I were to send my teacher an email
More interactive and easier to communicate 
Because I don’t waste any of my time than while teachers are doing their lecture, time expands, it’s boring, while if teacher assign you a video to see the knowledge you need will be compressed and you don’t loose any time; on the other hand if you are taking notes you can take them quietly without loosing anything because you can adjust the video
because it’s the closest to ideal and in person classes
You can do it at any time you want
But it also depends on the subject, for some topics live classes with immediate answers are better in order to understand everything
Communications 
Because our lessons actually get explained to us
Can dip in and out, not at a set time
We can ask our questions immediatly and because it is hard to find a good organization by myself, it obliges me to actually follow the lecture and to not postpose the viewing of the recorded videos 
Because I can interact with my teacher and my classmates
I am quite shy and socially awkward so I would rather just have the work emailed to me without having to go on a live class
Teachers waste our time in live classes explaining things we could just as well watch as a video. I wish they would use the live classes for questions instead of explanation.
It’s the only way, for me, to actively engage 
Because that's the one I feel most engaged in and I find it easiest to stay focused in comparison with the other modes
You can work in your own time 
I've never had the experience of any of the others so I can't comment on if I like them - although live lessons via a video chat would make me very anxious 
Feels more like lectures
I’m able to work at my own pace
Because I can work towards it in my own time and My own pace, by making thorough notes on the info.
Because I am not comfortable about talking in front of 60 people but I would be with email or sth.
With uploaded material we are able to have a depeer understanding of it and if we have any dificulty we can check the lectures or ask the lecturer. It also requires an active mode of learning.
It is the only thing my college have done so I have nothing to compare it to
Do it at my own pace
You can work on your own schedule
It feels like we are actual in a normal class in school. Also, if anyone has any doubts, the teachers can reply immediately. It’s great to see your classmates and interact with them, as well.
Can ask live questions
I much prefer verbal explanations than just learning from written content although there is written content alongside which is still really helpful. I have been receiving small group video calls (Cambridge supervisions online) but i struggle with these due to anxiety especially since everyone can see my face at all times and symptoms of increased anxiety show on my face.
i can work on my own pace 
Then I'm in the ability to immediately ask questions, but also to have more of a 'social' experience in which everyone can have a laugh about something or we can elaborate on each other's questions.
It would be good, as we would actually get taught something and could have discussions
You are given the ability to work at your own pace.
It keeps the interaction going.
I feel like i would actually be learning/being taught properly. 
More interactive/personal - more like the real thing
Instructors give more explanation than on their slides and I can watch the video at a convenient time.
Bc you actually engage in the class and therefore put work into the subject. You also  get some motivation to do pre or after work.

Nice to hear a voice, stops me from procrastinating 
has a set time so i can plan my day
Interactive learning is more effective 
allows some direct content and answering questions in chat helps with consolidation
You can pause and rewind easily and there is no pressure to answer questions compared to in a live class
It is easy to just not watch reacorded lectures, with live class it feels the most ‘normal’
Can communicate with the teacher and ask questions
It’s in live time so you can ask for help and it’s so much more friendly. You don’t feel so alone in lockdown/ just generally at home
Conducted in the time I would actually be at uni normally 
Can follow at own pace 
Interaction with the professor
I can ask questions and not need to wait days for a reply. And I learn better when we talk through concepts
More engaging 
You can watch at any time and come back to it when you’re doing essays
More interactive 
I like being able to follow along in my own time, fast forward and rewind as I please. I feel that it gives me a deeper understanding of the content because I can keep replaying parts I find hardest, and skip forward for the easier bits.
It gives me the freedom to plan my day without having to worry about different online lectures. If I didn't catch something I can re-listen to it. 
Because its interesting and interactive.
i can review notes and information at my own pace
For our school, it’s either pre-recorded lectures or live tutorials, so I prefer tutorials just for the sake of having as much human interaction as possible
I can understand concepts better when they are explained to me instead of just a PowerPoint 
There is input from the teacher but I can go at my own pace 
Because it feels less lonely, gives a sort of structure to the day, and any problems can be addressed right away rather than having to wait for clarification in an email
It’s more visual and has more in depth explanation 
It allows us to engage with our class
It keeps me on schedule time wise
allows us to ask questions live
I have quite intense anxiety which was made worse by the lockdown, the pressure of having to log on and speak online to other students, most of which I hadn’t met because it was a new module, was nerve-wracking ! I barely like phone calls to people I already know so having to do online seminars with a new teacher and new class really affected my mental health. Like when the teacher asked if we had questions, I felt to nervous and anxious to turn my mic on, so ended up dealing with any issues over email anyway. A lot of what we dealt with in class easily could’ve been done through materials emailed to us and teacher feedback rather than awkwardly waiting for someone to speak in the online classroom. Mostly I’d prefer the emails and forums due to my anxiety but also because I can easily re-access that content if I need it.
Gives me more of an incentive to pay attention during the lecture
it mirrors an actual lesson the most
I can complete the work at my own pace.
More real-time, can ask questions and then have them answered. 
I don’t feel nervous when sitting in a lesson with teachers on a form of FaceTime! I can also do this in my own time.
At home it’s harder to keep to specific times especially with the stress of Covid-19, would have been good to have the lectures recorded.
More interactive 
You can work at any time, thus not be restricted to certain hours. The work is also done by yourself, with no group collaboration.
It’s easier to get on with the work then ask when struggling, yet we also need the live classes for new content 
It provides motivation to get up and log on because I have to see people face to face
It is possible to pause, and/or go back if needed
Easier to follow along at any point in the day/night 
Because it is easier to be motivated 
Anxiety over live classes
It is more valuable and I get more out of it some things they upload don’t make sense and is hard to do it independently when your teaching yourself every thing. 
I am able to go through it at my own pace
I get a better understanding when the work is explained and gone through by my teacher rather then leaving it open to my own interpretation 
Can pause and take notes as needed and don’t have to worry about internet issues, noises from other students etc 
Allows you to physically speak to your teacher.
It would hold me accountable to actually participate, and do my work. When work is merely uploaded with a suggestion that we do it it is very hard to find the motivation to complete it. 
Because you can interact with the teacher and get direct feedback 
I can watch at my own pace.
Allows interaction and clarification of topics
Interaction with classmates and teachers
Visual interpretation and understand the work better 
live classes encourage me to focus and having a schedule maintains a bit more normality
I find the involvement of live video recording (of myself) very stressful and it makes it hard for me to concentrate. This is why I prefer chats where there is no video involved
It’s easier to contain information this way and also I can immediately ask questions if I have any
I think a mix of all is the best. I had one online discussion so far and other than that I only got emailed materials. Could’ve used some more online classes and discussions in forums. :)
Because than they teach us. So we don't need to teach ourselves.
I can just download the scripts and take them anywhere to study and I can go back and forth easily while taking notes.
Because it’s the closest to being on a real class
I can do it any time, make my own schedule
This is my preferred mode because it’s easier to refer back if you’ve missed something and you can pause the video at any given moment.


Because it's easier for me to learn on my own. That is, in this way, those subjects that are less interesting to me are easier to do, while the professors are always there, so that if I am interested in something extra, for answers to questions, additional literature, and even invitations. It is very important to emphasize that in our country, in Serbia, we go to that general education program, where we study all subjects as in primary school, only all of them for a degree more. I mean, we don't have to choose the subjects we want to focus on more, we can choose the natural or social direction, but again we have the same subjects from.
You can answer questions and it always takes less than an hour. 
I can learn it at my own pace
Because questions can be answered in real time, and it is less likely for me to procrastinate
Always the opportunity to go back over when it comes to revision and especially given the fact I had 24 hour “take home” exams, whereas you don’t have that with live classes / zoom. Just more helpful in my opinion
Easier to ask questions and learning is more tailored to specific needs 
Can study on my own terms 
I get to communicate with my friends and teachers at school
i like the freedom of being able to do the lessons at my own pace 
It provides at least some way of interactive teaching and learning.
You can pause and look back 
Because it's much more helpful, especially for Spanish. It also helps my mentak health being able to hear familiar voices
Even though, there is less interaction than the actual class at school, I am still able to ask my teachers about the things that I’m struggling one right away. My classes are small (between 4-8 people), online classes allow my friends and I to share our thoughts to the class.
Can do at your own pace + time
Recorded lectures give me time to pause, take notes and understand the content at my own pace. You can email questions to your lecturer once you’ve watched it too! 
I can review my notes and re-watch the videos.
More detailed explanation than just uploaded materials but still easy to access info needed unlike others methods where there is more unhelpful info  
Because you can have more of a conversation like in class however it isn't quite the same! 
You can go through it at your own pace and it lets you do additional research if you want
Because it isn’t just you sitting there figuring everything out, instead you’re bouncing ideas of one another.
Most engaging
Because I can interact with the teacher
Because you can interact instantly if you have a question 
Easier to follow along and do in own time 
Recorded lectures enable you to take your time with the learning process; you can rewind and slow the videos down according to your own convenience. Additionally, they take off the added stress of having to show up to live lectures with the teacher's expectation that you've caught up with the previous day's content.
It’s my preferred method because I can study at my own pace. 
It’s more flexible, I can complete my work when I want to and it allows me to take more in-depth notes and work at my own pace. I also find it more helpful as I am a visual learner.
I can select when I take the class to suit my brain (I’m not a morning person, but am allocated to morning classes) 
Being able to have a questioned answered in detail in conversation would allow me to
Understand the solutions a lot more 
Because it’s more engaging and sets a routine in the dag 
Because GCSE’s have been cancelled I am completing bridging work for A-levels, so we do not yet have set classes so emailed work makes it easier for me to choose the subject specific work I want to do.
Because you can stop the recording when you want and can do independent work as well
Better 1 to 1 interaction
easier to interact with the class and teacher making it more similar to real lessons
You can go at your own pace
I can go back and re-listen. if something isn't clear I have the freedom to pause and go look for whatever resources I need. you cannot ask questions at the end but we have separate bi-weekly q&a sessions with the professors on Microsoft teams so you just need to annotate any question you might have 
Idk maybe because it's live
More interactive , feels more like normal uni
Because I can rewatch and go over what I don’t understand, enabling me to gain a better understanding of the content then and there , rather than having to go back after an online class and find it- more time efficient.
Because i can watch them whenever i want
Able to decide when I watch lectures 
because you can ask questions more often in the lesson rather than constantly emailing your teacher and feeling like your annoying them
it allows for easy studying at any time 
Even though we're not actually there, its the closest thing to physically being in a lecture. It also forces me to focus unless I'll miss something.
This way students can ask the questions that come to their mind right on the spot as they would in a regular classroom setting. It’s also important for people to have « normal » human interaction and stick to regular routines as much as possible so having live classes would be beneficial to students mental health.
I can learn and study at my own pace
I find online seminars through forums to be slow and ineffective 
You have to be engaged and you can ask questions there and then.
More interactive
I can complete the work in my own time. 
easier for me personally to work from, take notes, pay attention, do at my own pace etc
Because I can learn whenever I feel like it and I am more motivated that way. Because I drift off easily whenever we have a live class. With recorder lectures I don’t have that problem. I can also listen to it again when I forget something. 
Because it forces me to arrive at a scheduled time and to engage in the content. The active engagement with my tutors and peers stimulates me to think more deeply and being able to see and hear other students also engaging provides motivation.
Having the ability to gain a better understanding of what we are learning as lecturer is there 
I’m more engaged when I’m watching something live, almost as if I have to pay more attention because I cant pause it (like I can with my pre recorded lectures).
We get to interact with the other students and teachers so it feels way more alive and motivating in my opinion. We can also ask questions and get an instant answer. 
It means that we can work it out by ourselves, and easily ask the teacher any questions we have.
Recorded lectures
Just as effective as in person learning
I can study at my own time and convenience. 
For Art and Design, most of our work needs to be discussed before we move further with our work. 
Watxh them when you want 
Easier to ask questions and better explanation
Easier 
I can visualise the material and its explained to me whilst I can see the questions in front of me.
The Emails are too much 
I learn better when I have someone explaining it to me rather than me having to figure it out by myself
Forced myself get out of comfort zone and sit down to learn 
I prefer recorded lectures bc you're able to adjust the speed. I prefer live workgroups bc you're able to ask questions and discuss the literature 
The social contact still remains, even though it’s reduced
Can reply if needed 
Because it provides more interaction. We can send our questions in the chatbox during the live stream and the professor can immediately answer them. 
I can see my classmates and it gives me a reason to get up a dressed appropriately in the morning
I get to work at my own pace and where/when I’m comfortable while still having enough guidance from teachers. 
It's easier to ask questions directly to the professor 
More interactive- I can ask questions in real time if I need to
Self speed
More interaction 
I can do it whenever I want (Don‘t Need to participate in a Zoom call) It‘s easy for me to understand things by myself-don‘t need a teacher 
This is the best way to comunicate with my instructor. As we need a back and forth conversation in my fine art course to fully understand what they need us to achieve . 
You can contribute more information this way. Oftentimes as a quieter person I find it hard to speak up without being able to make physical cues ie putting hand up etc. This way I can contribute without feeling like I’m saying too much or interrupting other people.
I can manage my own time and work when i feel the most productive!! 
Well, i wouldn't say that i have some preferred mode, because i haven't really tried many. We just mostly use uploaded materials and sometimes recorded lectures.
This way studying feels more like what I'm used to in school.
I am able to work at my preferred pace but also have audio and physical explanations rather than just reading. 
Gives a structure/schedule to follow because it’s an actual appointment 
I usually get it set at the start of the week so I can do the work at my own leisure.
Easier to connect with teachers and other students.
feels more interactive, easier to ask questions, more likely to focus
I just feel like you have a better contact with people you’re studying with. You can easily communicate with them. You also have contact with the teacher and you can ask him questions if you don’t understand something. 
Interaction is similar to face to face.
Opportunity for interaction

easier to pay attention
It's the most interactive.
Can ask questions!
I am able to ask questions in the moment and get an answer straight away, also I learn when it is explained to me rather than reading texts
Discussions/debates
It allows me to work at my own pace but I can also ask questions when necessary. (Really, I prefer a combination of emailed/uploaded material and live classes.)
More interactive and encouraging of participation, similar to actual seminars
it's kind of personal 
It’s better for discussions 
It happens at a specific time, which makes it easier not to procastinate
It’s more interactive, and material is better explained by live lectures.
I usually learn better through my teachers’ explanations and having them prerecord a lesson and posting it gives me the time to carefully understand a topic before studying it independently 
Any questions can be asked directly to teachers, learning is easier to do when it is taught instead of read from textbooks 
Forces me to focus more and do prerequisite preparation.
It’s interactive and all students share their thoughts, opinions and questions.
allows me to work at my own pace and preferred learning style 
It replicates physical classes most closely, and you feel more connected with the others in your group and what you are learning.
Actual interaction with tutors is way better for learning
I get more interaction with my teachers
I like studying and working on things on my own and at my own speed. And because I am right before my final exams we did not have to go through any new material. The live classes only took away my study/revision time and I felt like I didn't learn that much. 
Can watch back whenever is convenient and at my own pace
Feels luke a classroom wheres work uploaded online is easy to fall behind on and procastinate as there is no set time or commitments 
Because it gives you an opportunity for discussions, questions and feels like you are more in a class which makes you more motivated to learn. 
I’m a visual learner and I like having things explained by the teacher
Because we can exchange ideas 
You can ask questions, ask for clarification etc and it’s more engaging than the other forms. You also have to tune in to it so it’s easier to motivate yourself
It is far easier to get clear and instantaneous feedback plus you can easily ask questions. 
It holds me accountable for attending class instead of deciding to have class whenever. 
You are able to organize your own day, make your own schedule and do the assignments whenever you want to 
Allows you to work in your own time.
We all, teachers and students, use it and there's a commonality.
As it is more interactive therefore if I am confused I am able to get one on one help.
You can access it at any time you want and can pause or rewind unlike an online class.
it’s engaging compared to watching videos or being in a large meet with a teacher.
Zoom/live meetings are very tiring and you have to fully concentrate for the whole duration, whilst recorded lectures you can pause and go at your own speed
Because you can ask your questions and gets answers right away. It is also more interesting that discussion rooms.
I take mainly discussion based classes so it is easier to replicate in person through live class. Except I also think live classes cause problems if you don’t have reliable internet/computer or not safe place to do class. Exposes issues of inequality 
Listening to my teacher talking about it gives me a better understanding on the topic.
Allows me to work on my own time frame, no need to rush of worry about missing classes 
Easiest to understand and ask questions 
It means I can go at my own speed and take proper neat notes and highlight 
It has more structure than live lessons while replicating a real classroom setting more effectively than emailed materials or discussion forums
I can work through the set material at my own pace
Because the one class that had this method was much more effective, it made it less tedious and gave me my own time to work 
in most of subjects, I can learn better when the course is written
Easy to organise what work you need to do and by when. Able to work at your own pace
it gives a sense that I'm sharing the lecture time with real people (lecturers and classmates), not just a video
Allows engagement
I enjoyed the interaction with teachers and other students
More regularity in my schedule
Ability to spend however long I want on different exercises and do further research without time pressure.
You have the opportunity to engage with the content a lot better. For example ask question, explain it to others or let it be explained. Furthermore it gives you a certain routine after a „call“ is set at a specific time.
I can do it at my own pace
Because when something is unclear I can still ask for clarification 
Better explanation yet no internet interruption 
Able to pause & take my time to think about concepts.
I can watch them at my own pace and when I choose to
Interaction with my classmates and teachers
More teacher interaction and ability to ask questions
I prefer figuring out the task by myself. This helps me to read more about the subject in my own when I don’t understand making me fully engaged in what I do.
It’s the closest to a classroom setting
Because I can chose my own time to watch the lectures 
provides explainations and teaching needed to complete work 
Due to connectivity issues live classes are not ideal and as such discuss forums too. Recorded material doesn't require a lot of interaction 
Human interaction 
Have the ability to review lectures 
More interaction, quick answer to doubts 
Still allows teachers to explain content to you and allows for questions to be answered on the spot, closest to in class teaching 
It is much easier to quickly digest the information being provided when it is spoken opposed to written.
I find it much easier to learn when I can see a human explaining it and working through examples rather than trying to learn from a textbook.
It’s nice to be able to talk to teachers even if it is quite awkward sometimes 
Because I can pause the video to take notes and watch again the parts more difficult to understand
No judgement when others can’t see you 
Gives my day structure
I’m more engaged as it feels like I’m still in school 
You can watch the lessons at any time suited to you
Uploaded on canvas or google classroom
It allows me to complete and learn new material in my own time
I can ask questions and it feels a lot more like a class rather than just being sent work which I struggle to do
I enjoy having uploaded or emailed materials because then you can work at your own pace, whereas in live meets you are beholden to the speed of the instructor (wether that be too fast or too slow)
Feels real
able to ask questions and interact
No specific time limit
I can do it on my own time, and take as long as i need on one assignment
You can ask questions 
More interaction. Allows for live discussions and it stops you feeling lonely or isolated as you learn
It actually makes me do something for the course because it makes me accountable in front of the lecturer/class. I thought uploaded materials or learning platforms (recorded lectures, forums and uploaded materials) will be my preferred mode, but I find myself not actually doing anything for the course. I must say, for me personally, the best option is a whole learning platform or uploaded materials together with a live class. This class doesn't necessarily need to take place every week. 
Class discussion can occur more effectively as it the most close to how college is run 
It's more personal and its easier to ask questions
I like to be given assignments for me to research and work independently etc.
Allows discussion and to ask questions if you don’t understand what’s been said
Much more interactive and easier to express questions and thoughts along with easier explanations from teachers
Live classes provide more structure and allow real-time interaction 
feels like we're actually being taught like in college and we can ask questions on the spot
can pause and rewind anytime, can watch it anytime
Get one on one feedback with tutors and students
More chance for discussion and quick responses to questions.
i like being able to see and hear the teacher
I gain the most from this as I’m able to ask questions and get quick responses.
You are able to get immediate feedback from teachers.
It forces you to be more engaged and to prepare developed points as you will be directly questioned, and allows you to discuss ideas with other people, mimicking a seminar face to face as much as possible 
More interaction, and forces you to pay more attention so retention of information is higher 
It‘s more interactive!
Easier to break down as you can pause/rewind etc if you lose focus at any point 
Interactive and more engaging 
you can repeat it as many times as you want, cause sometimes it’s difficult to follow a class and at the same time taking notes 
Because se have interaction between the teacher and classmates. Even though sometimes is not so convenient as classes are more so elaborate as classes at school, we know we just have to adapt because there is no more options out there.
Closest to a real lecture/tutorial. Easiest to learn in
I have no motivated to sit for 1 and a half hours listening to a recorded lecture; I zone out very easily and don’t take in the content. Live lectures however allow me to interact with my course mates and lecturer by asking/answering questions. This helps me actively process the course material.
It is the easiest
I can learn at my own pace
You actually engage with the lecture and understanding is better
Because it feels more active than just sitting there on zoom when I can zone out
I find working independently the best for me.
You get to follow the classes at your own pace, and it’s very useful for students in a different time zone like me!
Easy to understand/ interactive 
Easier to process info and take notes
More engaging and it feels more like a classroom environment 
I learn content better when I can visually see it explained, like when it’s written. 
Easier to engage and more motivating 
Easier communication (two-way communication)
Means you can choose when to do it.
Simply being sent the tasks to do through our emails doesn't give us a lot of support, so pre-recorded lessons or even a zoom call would provide us with more help
Live is more engaging and forces me to go to class at the same time as I would if I was on campus
Because I have an unlimited access to the sent materials and can come back to them anytime + even if my internet connection gets lost, I will be able to obtain the information later 
able to communicate well with teachers to have a better quality of learning throughout lesson time
live classes
It's more human and it helps me understand things better, I also feel like I'm actually taking a class and not just watching youtube.
Feel more engaged 
I find live classes more stressful, this is less time consuming. With adequate communication to teachers in chats it is least stressful.
Much more interactive!
It’s more similar to normal lessons 
As i take a lot of time to understand some hard subjects like biology and chemistry therefore it is useful that i can refer back to recorded lessons when i need to revise or go over something i did not understand. I also learn through hearing and seeing , therefore reading materials are very unhelpful, and seeing it explained is the best way i learn.
Quick to the point - short and concise - not very confusing to follow 
They’re interactive and easy to ask questions or raise concerns within. I think they mimic the classroom atmosphere the best too.
I think it's an easy way to learn
Because you can ask you're questions directly to your teacher
ITS easier yo clear my doubts
I can work on my own. 
The lecturer goes into detail, as they would in normal in-person lectures; emailed handouts and discussion forums are often very sparse. 
I prefer taking notes as if I am in my class, so I think this stimulates my previous working environment most closely. 
Because I get the benefit of an actual class but can fit it around my timetable 
It comes closest to an actual class meeting where you can actively engage in. Asking questions about the content etc.
I think that the classes would be more engaging and more like a classroom environment :) 
If I were to use this I believe it would provide more structure and keep me on track.
Interactive
It's the only one I've tried
It is the only one I’ve had
When they email work. I struggle to get the motivation and drive to put the effort into completing it on time and as I am out of routine and I will most likely forget. Zoom makes me think fast and inspires active learning. It makes me realise how much little time in the day I spend deep thinking in lockdown and it helps to wake me up and use my energy correctly. If it is a morning zoom meeting, it gives me the motivation to actually wake up. Which is amazing because my sleeping pattern is falling out of place. 
I feel uncomfortable listening to my lecturers voice whilst at home, or freaks me out. Written notes are also easier to follow than recordingms when I have to rewind, slow down etc.
It allows the work to be completed asynchronously, which is great and makes my life easier. 
Because I am free in my time management and can watch the lecture when I have time for it
I feel like it is more interactive as professors are asking questions and we can either answer on the chat or talk to the whole class. 
I’m an acting major, and the select classes I took that only used discussion boards/ written assignments didn’t teach me anything about the craft I’m studying at school. 
You can ask questions with instant answers
Because the interaction makes you more engaged in the course and gives you motivation to put the effort in.
because if not then I won’t be engaged enough. 
It forces me to be interactive, and gives my day more structure than a lecture that I could procrastinate watching.
You can ask questuons immediately when needed.

So we can all interact with each other :)
It’s the closest to a real lesson
Because that’s how I work best, just given the information and then interpret it my own way
Actual interaction with teachers and opportunity to ask questions
I find i can do the work more efficiently on my own to microsoft teams meetings 
I chose uploaded material for two reasons one cos it's what my school is doing so what I'm used to and it allows me to just get on and do it my own way however I also do enjoy disscu ssion based learning
actual engagement with teachers
Because it gives you a visual interpretation 
Actually makes me do it and watch it instead of if it’s just emailed I’m less motivated to start it 
You get to ask questions and speak face to face (almost) with your tutor
Feels more like normal school
You can maintain a connection and relationship with teacher and classmates which be helps to benefit my study
It allows me to be flexible about when I do it and it’s not too stressful 
I get to relax at home and it's easy but teachers like to give their own input into the subject and they can manage timing which I much prefer to copying out PowerPoints etc.
It’s much more interactive. Being set independent tasks can be isolating at times.
It's more engaging and motivating if you have a set time. Plus, it reminds you that you're not the only one!
Access all the time
Get to ask questions 
You can organize yourself and be more free (also zoom meetings can be really exhausting whem you have to pay attention for 9h straight)
It feels the most realistic and structured and i find myself more ready to accept the material.
We can ask questions within the lesson and its interactive
I like hearing the teacher explain things because it is easier to understand things compared to reading a powerpoint.  Also you can ask questions and receive immediate answers instead of waiting for an email.  
Because we are able to watch and read any information or assignments we are given whenever it is most convenient for us until the due date time 
Helps staying organised as if the courses still took place at university
zoom/virtual class meetings and discussions cause me a lot of anxiety and it’s very hard to focus during them 
Allows for discussion and involvement, but at your own pace. 
So I have the platform to chat with my professors,  asked questions and also learn from others questions,  plus to feel that we are all in it together. 
I can decide myself when i watch the recordings, this way i can schedule my own time. 
You can aks question directly and dont need to wait bc you know that the teacher is available during this live class
Because I can work according to my own flow and daily routine. It also is just more individual, I can take more time doing for example math if I need to and no one tells me to "hurry and go to another class".
Without distraction or disturbance from other students also taking the class
It gives me more time to do the work given and I get to choose the time that I actually work.
Recorded classes come without 10 mins of class being wasted by having technical difficulties and disruptions. You can do things at your own time and speed throughout the day. If you have any questions, all you have to do is email or message your teacher really fast.
It feels more normal having set times for lessons everyday whereas emails are easy to ignore and procrastinate 
I think it is the best solution especially for people with weak wifi 
There's more of and interaction/connection between the students and the teacher. It's like being in an actual classroom environment. 
It’s much easier to focus
I can listen to them whenever I want
It’s more interactive and allows for real time class discussion and instant feedback on ideas an for aid when confused 
It’s the most similar to being in an actual lesson as the teacher can talk to you in real time and you’re able to ask about the course content.
I can decide when to take them and plan my own studying (but the way our school is doing them, I cant.)
Complete the lectures when they are set, can ask questions and interact, puts some structure into the day
The lectures themselves aren’t really clear if our Docotor isn’t explaining them. 
I can do it in my own time without pressure from classmates 
Engaging with others helps me to understand the content better, as I feel like a combined use of the visuals through potential diagrams drawn and hand gestures made as well as people talking and giving spontaneous examples really helps me to understand. Also I’m less likely to get distracted because I can’t really pay attention when I’m sat by myself. 
Can be accessed in your own time
It more closely resembles regular classes
More in depth explanation possible than when just reading from materials. Chance of interaction and questions which is not possible for recorded lectures. 
I get more in depth explanaitions than I do from emailed materials, but I can do it at whatever time fits me best and it´s more relaxed than for example live classes, because I don´t have to immediately answer questions and can watch it as many times as I want to.
It’s easier to ask any questions and get an immediate response. It is also good for classes where we have in class discussions/debates such as politics.
It’s basically like normal lectures, with the comfort of being at home (or wherever else you are)
Because i can watch them whenever and wherever, plus I can go back and watch certain parts again if I missed them
Google Meet classes are either too short to actually learn the materials, or they are extremely dull. 
That I can get back to it one I need it
Easy to rewatch or pause if needed
It would mean greater human interaction between students and teachers in which the class can ask questions and bounce off each other. Sometimes there are questions that you wouldn’t even think of but someone else would and vice Versa and then it clears that up there and then. I think it’s the best as it is the closest to actually being in the classroom and honestly I wish A levels were taught this way sometimes especially when you miss school due to illness.
It gives you a chance to come back to the material and listen to it in your own time and space where you can concentrate. 
Keeps me having a schedule and not having to rely on my self motivation to find time to take the class.
Allows me to work on my own time frame, no need to rush of worry about missing classes 
It’s more interactive 
 Because you can pause it and take notes. Online live zoom sessions are going a little too fast in my opinion and therefore I have to rewatch it which costs a lot of time. Zoom sessions are convenient for questions but I probably won’t ask questions because I’m still trying to figure out what has been said rather than thinking about the subjects.  
I can do the work at any chosen time in the day that suits me best 
I study illustration as my core subject - therefore explaining and discussing my work verbally is very important.
You can interact with the tutors
We can fit it to our own schedules rather than live lessons which we have to work around 
in person. easier to pay attention more engaging!
I don't have to directly interact with other human beings
I get to interact a lot more with the professors 
It's quite effective and feels like a classroom 
you can access it any time 
I live in a different time zone so this is more convenient for me than live classes although I prefer live in principle 
You can do it at your own pace and when you want to do it
I can choose at what time I want to study and i can go at my own pace.
If it’s not live I feel like I don’t have to do it
I can get an instant response to any questions asked and it seems to ease my workload.
You can discuss with the teachers much more easily than over other platforms
I get the feel of an actual classroom when the instructor is able to explain information live and therefore get to absorb the information a little better.
Especially in science subjects. I can pause or play the video again at any time. It helps me get a better understanding of the matter than if I were to make notes from the textbook on my own.
Because it allows interaction between the instructor and the students, which I believe to be fundamental
Because you can go over the content as many times as you would like 
Because you can actually ask questions. 
live classes will give you the chance to interact with other students and teachers. I personally like better to have a conservation by talking than to write emails.
When I am uncertain about an assignment I can ask my teacher right away. When the documents are uploaded to a platform, I have to contact them with an Email first. This will take longer than directly asking my teacher in the actual class. 
Because it helps to keep the same kind of dynamic as actual classes, plus you can talk directly to the teacher 
Allows me to work on my own time frame, no need to rush of worry about missing classes 
Immediate feedback
More communication with other people 
It’s more engaging 
It is very quick to gain new information and if you have any doubts about anything, you can instantly ask your teacher. It is also easy to discuss certain topics. 
It feels the most like a normal lesson
Because if I have a question I can ask it while the class is still happening, and that way I'm "obligated" to watch instead of procratinating to watch recorded videos os assignments. 
Can actually ask questions without having to wait ages for answers via email
It allows me to have more freedom in my day to plan it how I like and be more independent with my work. This means I can choose the time of day that is best for me to work instead of working around multiple zoom lessons. However it is nice to have a small mix of this too
Instantly answered questions 
it forces me to get up and do work, instead of staying in bed all day. i can also ask questions in real time
Not reliant on specific timing - can work when I feel motivated 
I thin the recorded lectures on the internet explain the subject much better than our live teachers and there are a lot of internet connection problems so it isnt very efficient
It’s most interactive and helps with holding yourself accountable 
I’m quite shy 
As it is how it would be in a classroom environment so easier to get into the work
Because it in courage students to attend the class, as well as it helps you to interact with your peers.
I can ask questions and get back to the answers anytime
I feel connected to learning and actually working on uni work! With close to none lectures or online resources available, I don't feel like I'm learning anything anymore
able to pause
It’s like real teaching, but I can take it at my own pace 
Allows for more effective discussions 
You get better answers from teachers as they don’t have to type it out. You get to have class discussions.
Zoom cams with a learning curve for professors. Often times, a lecture that was supposed to be recorded for us to look back on was not recorded because professors forgot. Or internet would cut out randomly. Or breakout sessions would be really difficult to set up. They eventually worked themselves out but for the purposes of a lecture, prerecording works so much better especially because people aren’t asking too many questions during the live lectures.  
I can keep.up with my work. B3cause if it isn't live then I feel like it'll make me lazier and feels too unreal
You can engage with the teacher and have interesting discussions.
Because I can watch classes when I prefer
Because of the faster interaction and possibility to ask questions 
When Classes are pre recorded I tend to procrastinate more 
Allows me to work at my own pace and go back over the material while still receiving actual teaching from my teachers and hearing their opinions. We are generally given a class discussion space alongside it, which works well in tandem.
Because I can actively discuss and understand the content instead of just listening to it 
I can manage my own time. 
It’s similar to a normal lesson.
It is interactive and closer to a conventional classroom. 
It’s explained in more depth and you can go back to it to clarify points. 
Can set my own schedule
I can always go back to the sections where I could have misheard or to clearly understand the information.
It makes you actually go to them and try and engage better, when they are recorded I had a tendency to just read the materials and not listen
It’s more interactive with the teachers 
I feel like I get the most information from the lectures, whilst my seminars on blackboard collaborate don't cover a lot and I might as well not go to them
Due to my poor internet connection it was the best option I had to keep up on my uni classes. 
I’m an audio learner so recorded lessons allow me to not only learn efficiently but I can pause and replay any content in order to understand it better. 
There are no problema with the connection once that you downloaded the lesson  
Recorded videos along uploaded materials 
It's the easiest
Because then you can ask questions to your teacher 
Interaction with teachers,
I think it's easier to communicate with fellow peers, lecturers and other university lecturers. Zoom can be too hectic sometimes and it's hard to get your point across. So doing it through a chat, you can receive a better response. 
It's easy to engage without feeling too self conscious 
You can watch it on your own time. You can pause the lecture to take notes 
Easy to pause and go back on more difficult materials
It maintains my engagement 
I study maths, so I like to be able to pause the video and think about the complicated concepts the teacher is talking about. And I can email my teacher later about the questions.
 i would like for the proffesors to record their lectures but also teach them live. I often get distracted or am too caught up trying to write notes that i get lost sometimes and it's nice to have that freedom to be able to rewatch them again.
Because we can engage in conversation, have a routine and ask questions on the spot.
Feels like I'm in actual class
There is only my teacher talking and I just have to watch and listen. I don't jave to do to much,  I just ask questions.
You can pause to write your notes and then afterwards we have a live discussion or a discussion in chats so it’s still interactive and you can ask questions 
I can easily go back and replay anything I didn’t understand the first time and try to get a grasp of it 
I like having the face to face contact as it feels the most “normal” and you can hear everyone’s ideas / opinions
Zoom can become extremely tiring after all classes on zoom, so when I get assignment that I get to do offline and through other platforms individually I feel I am more energized and healthy.
A combination of shared documents amd live classes
Because then I actually get some work done. During Teams meetings we rarely actually learn anything, it's just chatting (which is nice, but not what I go to lessons for). 
I prefer the interactive aspects e.g. for asking questions live 
Immediate discussions are more insightful
More flexibility 
it’s still like we are in the classroom and points are explained in more depth than just reading from a text 
Because I find when the lecture/video is recorded its much clearer at teaching that particular subject then on zoom where the WiFi/broadband can be less reliable and the teacher is less organised and can ramble on without going into detail about the actual subject they are teaching that day
Able to rewatch until I get a certain topic
because we get the same feel as regular school
Seine people, bring able to talk with each other, more direct
Ask question with live feedback
Because I pay more attention

Live classes are not as efficient since they take up lots of time, whereas with given materials, if they are given enough, i am able to go with my own pace instead of wasting my time listening to a whole hour lecture.
I feel as though I am actually learning and if I don’t understand i can always ask for help. It feels the most like attending school
For interaction between teacher and student
Allows me to take in the material at my own pace on my own schedule 
I study a language so it’s very important to practice speaking and listening skills
is the quickest and easiest way regarding there’s no distractions (internet connection, other students etc)
We can ask questions to the teacher at the spot it’s like actual school just online live at your room. 
Own pace, unsuitable environment for online callw
Able to openly converse with teacher, ask questions in real time, see other students.
I have only been learning by Word documents and PowerPoints that my teachers have been sending to me through emails. I don’t think I would want to participate in a Zoom call as I would find it awkward. 
It allows me to work at my own pace
Able to interact with teachers and lecturers
Because it contains more information and it is easier to read at anytime 
it still feels similar to what university was like before hand therefore not unsettling 
These are very informal and basically like a class discussion although I found them a bit strange to begin with because we all have to have our cameras off due to safeguarding reasons. It’s nice to get an insight into what others are doing as their coursework and for my other subjects it’s nice to get more interaction out of the lesson than you would in a lesson. 
It is easier to make notes and flexible method 
sociable interactions and able to ask questions straight away
more interactive 
makes sure I attend, requires involvement and more engaging 
I prefer the interaction that it allows for (can ask professor questions and professor can ask us questions to engage us)
I’m given all the resources I need and am happy to complete the work 
Actually learn stuff and explained as we usually would have them. 
There is no time commitment and so it’s more flexible. I also don’t like being on a webcam personally so I find the anonymity of watching a pre recorded lecture less stressful. 
gives motivation and a set time to complete work along will chance to ask questions 
It forces me to get the work done as I have to attend 
All information organised in one place and can keep going back to view
Because you can manage your own time and decide when to do what task.
I feel like I can learn much more and understand more when I’m working at my own pace. When we’re doing live sessions I have difficulty keeping up with the teachers but then I understand the material when they send us papers or exercises or written explanation by mail.
It's more lively and gives more motivation.
I'm also learning betterave this way.
It’s as interactive as face to face can be 
I feel like live classes work better for me as I seem to find the teacher goes into more depth when explaining then they do on just uploaded work
It feels more active rather than recorded things. I feel as if less people would watch these if not super motivated. Though i wouldnt mind having some precorded classes, because online classes arent the best. It feels very one sided becaude the class is 99% of the time quiet with no camera so i actually feel really sorry for the teacher. Discussion chats dont work, we tried it though.
More interactive and engaging 
You can interact with classmates and ask questions to the tutor directly 
-It is a bit more similar to normal classes 
-you can actively engage with the teacher and fellow students
-however you are still able to look some information up without disturbing the class

You get immediate feedback and benefit from interacting with other students. 
There is an increased chance of engaging with lecturers and getting an immediate response (as opposed to email). The live classes also serve as motivation to attend the class in real time.
You have proper interaction and can get corrections and feedback live.
It feels more like the classroom setting + makes me feel more motivated as an active member of the class
If I have questions about the lecture I can ask immediately to clarify it or if I have questions from previous lessons I can ask my teachers after making some research to confirmed it. This would not be possible if it was in recorded form and some things are just better understood when explained. 
Since everything is clearly mentioned and explained.
It is the closest to face-to-face classes
Find it easy to keep up with since I can pause and play if I miss something 
Since you don’t have to forcefully dedicate a specific hour time that mainly just works for your teacher and not you. (If that makes sense)
It allows us to fo the work in our own time and do independent learning 
The teacher can go into depth of the subject 
It allows the students to give feedback and ask questions in order to clarify understanding
This allows for interaction
So i can watch them when i have time 
I actually get live explanations on the lesson and in general I am more focused in lectures than alone in front of course material. 
it’s the closest i got to feeling like i was back in the classroom and there’s also so many resources on zoom that allow an effective teaching/learning experience
No limitations on time zones and no internet connection issues 
Because It allows you to take fuller notes, as you can go back over what you miss. Also because it helps give you ideas to develop your knowledge for the exam, rather than simply being given a homework task and figuring out what a text book means. 
Because I can revisit the lecture anytime
I can go at my own pace and at any time i want
Easier to engage in the content and students can ask questions
It is much more easier than live classes.
Because I can have direct contact with my teachers. 
Because you can pause it if you doesn't understand
Flexibility in time, lack of technical difficulties, ability to change speed of lecture
It feels most similar to a typical classroom setting 
You can work through at your own pace
Can do things in my own time
it’s nice to see people’s faces and hear friends and teachers talking and it’s more interactive and easier to learn by
Because it allows for student and teacher interactions and it is the closest to the in person classes format I am used to
Being able to go back to what is not understood and skip what is
Allows you to engage with classmates and the professor, live questions with immediate answers, and having a set class time helps stick to a consistent schedule/routine  
You can actually see the professor and the students, it helps me to focus 
I learn way more talking to and interacting with supervisors than passively watching a lecture 
I can work at my own pace and if I do not understand something I am able to do extra research in order to have an adequate understanding to complete the work. It also helps me to plan my day because I know what I need to do and when it needs to be handed in by. 
It's an accountability thing. I don't think I would get the work done otherwise.
The interaction and ability to record for future engagement 
Easier to follow
This mode is the closest option to traditional classroom learning
Information is easily accessed in one place and can be perused as often as you need it
i have more freedom to do it at my own pace or free time
It gives more structure and you get to see people
More time, and we can study when we want 
Nice and easy to understand 
Because there is a lot of interaction
You can always rewatch it if there is something you don't understand.
You can access and watch in your own time and own pace
It enables me to watch the video once, understand content and then watch it again with time stopping a lot to take notes. My method is quite time consuming, however it is a process I enjoy. Moreover, I've always learnt this way online, even before school's closed. However, my teachers do not upload videos, just materials to fill and them hand in. I also have to point out that I am a year 13 student and we finished learning content in April, for the sake of finishing the course.
Feels like your in the classroom more and can just put your hand up and ask a question, makes everything a lot easier and more normal.
It's easier to pause and look back if you don't understand something.
no stress of “class” and other people 
Easiest to discuss/ask questions about the topic so concepts can be explained in multiple ways so everyone can understand as often pupils are expected to read the information from a textbook with no further discussion around the topic
It accommodates  multiple timezones. It also makes it easier if for some reason you had to miss a class, you don't feel completely lost.  
I like hearing the instructor talk through the big ideas of the lesson and hearing and seeing other students. I guess I like the face to face, although virtual, connection. I also like recorded lectures. 
You can take notes and ask questions, you are held accountable (creates routine) 
It is fun and you get to hear other students points of view, instead of just reading/writing about the subject 
More interactive 
Able to go at my own pace
Most like real life 
More interactive 
Easier to ask questions
Feels more real if it’s timetabled into my day
Because during live sessions students including myself are more likely to watch the material and participate rather than during recorded lectures when we do not have the opportunity to ask questions or participate in the lectures.
I can decide When and How fast to do the work. 
Because it‘s the most interactive mode and resembles live classes at uni the most. 
Interactive 
It makes it easier to work in ones own pace. 
I feel more motivated to study and feel more engaged as it is real time 
I can rewatch the lectures on my own time and alter the speed to skip over administrative stuff. 
Sometimes miss important live information. 
Being able to watch the lectures on your own schedule, and being able to pauze, adjust the  speed, and going back to something you didn’t understand quite well is really working out great for me 
Most interactive, easiest to pay attention, feels most like having real life contact and discussion with professors and students 
It is more interactive 
I enjoy the interaction and acting seeing people’s faces, live!
I can study on my own time
feels more interactive and more motivated to take part
I can’t concentrate in live class
It is most similar to a classroom scenario which is what I’m used to and most comfortable with
Gives me motivation and structure in my day to complete my work
Easier to access the teacher and ask questions/have discussions
It allows me to participate and practice skills, not just repeat content
I can do it at my own pace and decide how I want to do it.  
Online learning in general is not working well with me, but having the ability to ask lecturer questions through a chat would help. Plus you get to see exactly what people are asking and take notes, as for someone who's english is their third language, understanding speech sometimes proves to be difficult 
I prefer to work independently so by directly uploading the resources I can use them to do that.
Cause you can pause and take notes whenever you want. Plus, you can watch it when you want.
More interaction, possibility to ask questions directly, more active learning, forces you to stick to a "normal" schedule and therefore easier to remain caught up
Because I find it much easier to take notes. It’s not really the best as much as it is the less bad. It also is better for me as a disabled student. 
You get real tine teaching
It makes sure I have a schedule
So that I am able to ask questions and this is the closest method to teaching regularly 
Live chats are too stressful.
I can ask questions in the moment 
I can work at my own pase and if I have any questions, I can first check back with my friends and then ask the professor
It is easier and more efficient to ask the teachers questions in real time as opposed to over email which could confuse matters more.
I’m a visual learner and I like the flexibility of doing assignments whenever I want. 
Less awkward forced online interaction
Can go back and rewatch harder concepts 
It’s easy to ask questions as the teacher is always active, also it is a bit more “human” and nice to have an excuse to speak to friends/peers
Can learn at own pace
Set my own pace
It is much more interactive and helps me more because it's harder to teach myself content.
Get to steal other people's ideas and use it for revision😉
Opportunity to ask questions and engage with material
Less independent learning 
something engaging and productive 
It’s more motivating when it’s live as you force yourself to do it. Recorded lectures sometimes feel optional even if it is not
I like visual - written- information as opposed to an auditory and visual lecture video.
Because I can go back to it , hit pause etc. which helps me understand the material better and because it makes me more flexible time wise. 
It helps me to learn and understand the content 
It is a lot more interactive, we can ask the teacher questions and it feels a lot more like an actual lesson
Much easier to ask questions and get assistance
It comes closest to the normal way of having class
I can work at my own pace when suits me. 
Gives us more of an opportunity to discuss queries 
It does depend on the class. I like the combination of live classes and recorded lectures. Live classes are great for asking questions in tutoring classes and discussion-based content whereas recorded lectures allow me to follow my own schedule and revisit parts I found difficult to understand. I can pause the lecture when I need to think more about the presented concept. On the other hand live classes structure my day and hold me accountable. I think all of the above mentioned modes should be employed for successfull online teaching as they cater to different needs.
This way you can understand the work given much better when discussed and to get a range of thoughts and opinions from others
You can go through the materials in your own pace and can do so peacefully or with others in your class.
I can read things at my own pace and view the context of the work
Because they are more in-depth, clearly having more time spent on them (all are pre-recorded from last year). In live chats there can be buffering/no audio/audio from students watching programs.
You can more easily engage with the content and can also ask questions if you are stuck
Being able to see my instructors prevents me being as lonely and improves my general mood. The experience is also more personalised to us as individual students.
I can plan my own schedule.
It doesnt rely on a strong internet connection on both ends, no interruptions & can be used to revisit a topic
The closest to having the class in-person
It feels the most „normal” 
When Classes are pre recorded I tend to procrastinate more 
Because it is a more interesting than only reading text the whole day, because of the audio or pictures. And I like that I can pause anytime.
You can go at your own pace, re-watch and pause when necessary 
I prefer having a schedule to follow and I generally feel I take more information in and get more from an interactive class, being able to ask questions at the end of a lecture is something I'm missing due to the move online. 
Most similar to normal classroom, ability to interact
I like having the ability to go back and rework through content if I don't understand it in the first place
It allows me to create an efficient schedule
More interactive, can easily ask questions, feels more personal, not robotic
It's easier for me to keep up with everything my professors are saying and I can pause an back the video up every time I need to
More interactive and therefore I learn a lot more from them, able to access the tutor immediately if I have any questions 
It gives me the flexibility to watch the lectures when it suits me best and it makes it possible to look back at some lectures when I need to
Complete at own pace
Teacher-student contact and presentation of exact appropriate way to solve given problems.
I have no problem with the mode now used, I am an independent learner and am thankful/enjoy it however many of my classmates and friends are struggling and they are in need of live interaction which my school and district has not implemented, furthermore my attendance is suffering although I turn in my work on time and all.
Having pre-recorded lectures enables me to work at my own pace and plan out my own day. 
Easier to ask questions, can flag up any issues as soon as they occur, some semblance of normality, able to interact with peers, teacher is available and online, better for explaining more complex concepts
Because we get to interact and apply the material more actively 
We can interact with the teacher and make questions in real time
Recorded lectures are good I guess as some (including myself) may have poor internet , also they contain all the content about the particular topic and we can play pause whenever we can't understand a particular thing and contact our professor to ask about it.
Because it enables me to interact with both my teachers and classmates and creates a feeling of a real classroom.
More convenient and open to less technology errors etc
the teacher can teach still but there isnt the awkwardness of a live class 
It gives all the information without interruption 
It’s a lot easier to understand and they’re usually easier than live lectures.
Engagement 
Because you can still verbally communicate with lecturers
Ability to organise learning freely and to adapt it to your own learning speed (i.e. Rewatching certain parts, pausing,...) 
Because you can interact with your lecturers/ class mates, ask questions and it makes it seem more real. Pre-recorded lectures leave me with minimal motivation and don’t feel like I am completing my degree. 
I feel the schools spirit more which motivates me more in these "lazy times" where the bed is next to may desk.
It allows the lectures to fit it better with other commitments/ swings in mental health
I feel like live lectures and zoom calls disadvantage students from different time zones who may have to stay up late or wake up extremely early to take these classes. It also allows me to go back and take extra notes if I need to.
Able to have live chats and join the discussions easily and hear opinions quickly
Enables me to go over the lecture/material again whenever required for greater understanding. 
because it resembles normal classes
More interactive
Nearest thing to a real life lecture
I can go back to the lecture and just watch the part I don’t really get
Makes it easy to stop and take in the information, go away and look something up to come back to it
it’s interactive and closest to the classroom environment 
I am able to be in charge my time, I spend as much as I need on one topic, then another without stress
Because it is most engaging and means i can pause it and learn at my own pace 
I understand the content better when it is spoken to me and can ask questions as I think of them, like a normal class.
Most clear and natural explanation from teacher, similar to in class, so i understand and remember the content much better
Little interaction and easy to get all info with out disruptions 
It still is a bit interactive and allows us to manage our time as we can and want to. The voice and presence of a teacher is also much more engaging than a mere document. 
Recorded lectures gives the least amount of technical difficulties for students and it gives you the time and space to learn at your own speed.
Interactions and explanations directly from teachers, also a lot more motivating 
Because I can interact with my teacher and discussing with mu friends easily, also I can ask my teacher immediately if I didn't understand any point. 
You can watch them on your own timetable 
It would be more helpful and useful than live classes which you might not be able to attend and uploaded material which may be hard to get through yourself without guidance.
it is most similar to regular classes 
live classes are messy because there are a lot of people, internet connection gets unstable and i just find unrequired jokes of my peers stupid, sometimes offensive and generally distracting 
More likely to be engaged in the work and get direct feedback
Able to pause, replay, subtitels
Possibility to interact and ask questions, schedule similar to in person classes
It's most engaging.
Because it’s interactive 
Because it allows us to interact directly with our teachers
It is self directed learning and offers a sense of clarity and the learning materials content
You focus on understanding it once and for all
The only one i know. Although discussion forum sounds interesting, might just be a littls difficult for my subject
So that to have an interactive class and ask question in real-time.
Because I concentrate when watching lecture videos and I understand more
More engaging than uploaded materials with the ability to access the lesson/content at one's convenience.
Is the best option. 
live classes
i think i learn better ... on my own time? plus being able to rewind is always helpful
We can ask questions immediatly and it is a set timeslot I have to do the lectures, which helps me to organize myself
You’re able to apply your learning and most importantly interact with other people, asking questions, sharing ideas, debating etc. It makes me more accountable for my learning. 
There is a chance for interaction and also a higher motivation to keep up the timetable and participate. 
I can work in my own flow and at my preferred time. 
Creates a sense of being in an actual class
More engaging 
I can watch the lectures when it is an appropriate time for me 
They're convenient if I don't want to attend class at the allocated time
It’s the closest thing to a face-to-face learning
It is more similar to usual school
Because it’s easy and comfortable. 
I have enough time and I can watch them whenever I want.
If everyone has read everything it works as well as normal classes and we are practicing problem-based-learning at my Uni so that the classes are the most interesting part all the time
It's convenient
It's because uploaded materials compile everything and mostly because you can just download it and check it while you are offline assuming you have internet issue.
Because there is no time bound compulsion to attend the class, I can do it at my convenience
Easy and flexible
I can study whenever i want. 
This is the closest option to the real thing. It has a space for live interactions and understanding.
Because it is the closest to a face to face class.. Also because it's good for procrastinators
Basically for the possibility of live interaction with the rest of the class and especially with the teacher
Because you get to interact with people and it’s easier to ask questions if anything’s unclear this way. 
Because materials that were sent by email build up. Live classes allow me not to procrastinate and to learn things on time.
It's obviously not perfect, but gives us at least the chance to stop the teacher and ask him if we feel lost about something. The interactions are important. My second favorite method would be Recorded Lectures, you fell most comfortable and can rewind if you've missed some part without being embarrassed to ask the teacher to repeat. 
because i can adjust the speed of the lecture, thus optimizing studying time, plus i can stop whenever a term or concept is ambiguous to search it on my own
Because of my slow internet connexion
Because of how slow the internet is, Zoom lectures can't be convenient all the time. However when the lecture is recorded, you can study with no interruptions and you can always go back to that lecture if you forget something.
